Actuarial Westbury, NY - Work Experience Actuarial Aon Benfield - New - May 1990 to Present (26 years, 3 months) Pricing Actuary for Reinsurance Broker company. Education Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics State University of New York at Binghamton - Binghamton, NY August 2008 to May 2013Actuary Intern Student Representative Yonkers, NY - Work Experience Actuary Intern PLATINUM REINSURANCE - New York, NY - June 2012 to August 2012 • Assisted senior actuary in creation and maintenance of premium pricing models   • Utilized Access to structure and organize pricing databases for senior actuary  • Provided support to actuarial team by maintaining a database of medical malpractice data   • Streamlined accessibility of malpractice insurance documents pertaining to pricing information, liability, demographics and locations   • Independently worked to research, organize and compile all client contracts into searchable resource for actuarial team Conservation Intern JABLONSKI BUILDING CONSERVATIONISTS - New York, NY - June 2011 to August 2011 • Researched and produced comprehensive reports regarding the historical significance of the Cooper-Hewitt Museum Entrance Canopy  • Prepared and presented status updates and relevance of research at weekly staff meetings   • Collaboratively worked with team on restoration of an early 19th century subway mosaic   • Assisted conservationists with repairs at the Tenement Museum and Moravian Cemetery Counselor CAMP RAY’S SUMMER CAMP - Yonkers, NY - June 2010 to August 2010 • Responsible for the supervision of twenty-five first graders during summer day camp activities Education B.A. in Economics and History College of the Holy Cross - Worcester, MA May 2013 Skills Microsoft Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word and Knowledge of C++ Awards Dean's List December 2012 Additional Information GIVE RUNNING/ SHARE OUR SOLES January 2012 - May 2013  Treasurer  • Organized on campus events to raise awareness and collect over 900 pairs of shoes for those in need  • Served as treasurer for the organization’s Holy Cross Chapter   • Worked to secure appropriate donation sites     STUDENT ADVISORY COMMITTEE, HISTORY DEPARTMENT May 2012 - May 2013  Student Representative  • Read student reports to ascertain student perspective of the effectiveness and teaching methods of tenure track professors and presented findings to the tenure committee     DORMITORY HOUSE COUNCIL September 2009 - May 2010  Treasurer  • Managed and maintained the annual budget for Hall ProgramsConsulting Actuary Consulting Actuary at Dickinson Group, LLC Flushing, NY - Work Experience Consulting Actuary Dickinson Group, LLC - New York, NY - 1994 to Present (22 years, 7 months) New York, Consulting Actuary    • Headed and ran the day-to-day operation of the actuarial group.    • Attended trustees meetings, presented reports, and resolved day-to-day client issues as key contact person. Presented service proposals to prospective clients.    • Managed and assigned work from, mostly, Taft-Hartley pension and health funds.    • Performed and reviewed actuarial valuations, reports, benefit certifications, plan restatements, withdrawal liability determinations, Medicare Part-D subsidy attestation, FAS 158 disclosures, SOP 92-6 (01-2) retiree health valuations, IBNR, contributory plan, plan terminations, PBGC financial assistance, annuity contract bids, COBRA rates, PPACA compliance, health contribution rates projection/rate adequacy studies, and mergers/spinoffs of both pension and welfare plans.    • Drafted plan documents and SPDs, and produced client memos on pension and health regulatory issues.    • Trained team members on valuation systems.    • Administered (as third-party administrator) pension, welfare and annuity funds, liaised with all fund service providers and clients.    • Established and administered the company's 401(k) plan. Outsourced administration and oversaw the plan as trustee.    Others  • Co-editor at the Conference of Consulting Actuaries  • Peer reviewer at the International Foundation of Employee Benefits Plans  • EA-2 exam co-instructor at College of Insurance, New York  • Associate Actuary at Watson Wyatt, New York Education B. Sc. Cornell University - New York, NYActuary Actuary at Savasta & Company Newtown, CT - Over 30 years of defined benefit lead consulting experience  Expert in collective bargained and multiemployer plans  Over 10 years of management and training junior staff  Moderated sessions at Enrolled Actuaries meetings Work Experience Actuary Savasta & Company - August 2008 to Present Present  Prepared actuarial valuations for both single and multi-employer plans. Reviewed plan amendments, prepared and checked benefit calculations, researched code and regulation provisions. Responsible for preparation of and holding various training sessions for Staff members.    Present  Consultant to Taft Hartley and Single Employer Pension Funds Assistant Vice President Aon Consulting, Inc - January 1997 to March 2007 March 2007  Managed consulting unit with client portfolio with over $1 million in billings; Primary consultant for over $800,000 in billing revenue  Prepared annual pension valuations, Form 5500 Schedules B, FAS 87, SOP 92-6; Presented reports and study results at client meetings, responded to Requests for Proposal for new business and made presentations to prospective clients with a 50% success rate  Created and revised plan design and prepared of plan documents and Summary Plan Descriptions, termination calculations, and nondiscrimination testing; Reviewed Qualified Domestic Relations Orders and took part in labor union negotiations; Specialized in Taft Hartley funds; Served on Aon's National Multiemployer Consulting Committee Actuarial Unit Production Manager Alexander & Alexander Consulting Group, Inc - October 1995 to January 1997 Acquired by Aon Consulting, Inc.)    Managed defined benefit consulting business unit of 5 professionals serving clients pension needs; Prepared annual pension valuations, Form    5500 Schedules B, FAS 87, SOP 92-6; Presented reports and study results at client meetings; Created and revised plan design and prepared of plan documents and Summary Plan Descriptions, termination calculations, and nondiscrimination testing; Reviewed Qualified Domestic Relations Orders Senior Vice President Jardine Consultants, Inc - April 1990 to October 1995 Acquired by Alexander & Alexander Consulting Group, Inc.)    Managed consulting unit of 6 professionals performing pension consulting and valuation; Prepared annual pension valuations, Form 5500 Schedules B, FAS 87, SOP 92-6; Presented reports and study results at client meetings; Created and revised plan design and prepared of plan documents and Summary Plan Descriptions, termination calculations, and nondiscrimination testing; Reviewed Qualified Domestic Relations Orders  Developed and updated proprietary pension valuation software used by JCI for actuarial valuations both on Novell Network and personal computers Consulting Pension Actuary Leef & Jones Incorporated - July 1980 to March 1990 Acquired by Jardine Consultants, Inc.)    Consulted for all types of defined benefit plans as well as defined contribution plans; Managed hardware and software upgrades including purchasing Mathematics Teacher Pequannock Township High School - April 1976 to June 1980 June 1980 Education Student Teaching W. Post Campus of Long Island University M.A. in Mathematics Michigan State University B.S. in Mathematics Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Additional Information SKILLS  Experience with Wystar and Datair Valuation Programs, and Datair Form and Document Programs.  FORTRAN and PASCAL programming languages, MS Excel, MS Word, Lotus NotesExecutive Assistant - Actuary Department Executive Assistant - Actuary Department Stamford, CT - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Executive Assistant - Actuary Department NATIONAL COUNCIL OF COMPENSATION INSURANCE - Boca Raton, FL - October 2015 to December 2015 Temporary Executive Assistant to Chief Actuary. Responsibilities consist of calendar management, coordinate travel,  department meetings, luncheons as well as dinners, create and submit expense report, create newsletter template for department weekly news note, travel itineraries as well as driving and walking directions from one facility to another. Executive Assistant Corporate Communications Department - New York, NY - January 2009 to March 2014 Executive Assistant to the Head of External and Internal Communications, including a team of four. Responsibilities  consist of managing and distributing mobile ready and PDF bi-weekly PR media reports throughout the company.  Maintain media summary sheets of company articles and press releases. Coordinate with building management concerning employee moves, new hires, and office equipment. Act as department leader during company return to NYC from NJ temporary office space after Super storm Sandy. Prepare, review and submit invoices as well as month end  journals via eProcurement system, also ensure they're approved on a timely manner. Work with vendors and accounting  department on invoicing errors and outstanding payments. Review yearly budget spending with financial manager.  Ensure that monthly DTAR reports coincide with invoice database. Review vendor contract and checklist prior to submitting to Law department for review. Basic Administrative responsibilities include, create/edit PowerPoint  presentations, act as senior executive assistant in her absence, prepare audio/video equipment for departmental meetings,  handle calendar scheduling, conference calls, prepare and submit expense reports, handle travel arrangements, order office  supplies and office equipment. Administrative Assistant - Under Kelley Temporary Services Corporate Communications Department - New York, NY - December 2007 to January 2009 GUARDIAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA, New York, NY 12/07 - 1/09  Administrative Assistant - Under Kelley Temporary Services  Temporarily administered the Co-operative program. Executive admin to the Vice President of Customer Knowledge and  Development, as well as the Corporate Communications Department. Administrative Assistant Corporate Communications Department - New York, NY - September 2002 to March 2007 Administrative assistant to the corporate communications team. Responsibilities consist of, create/edit PowerPoint  presentations. Act as senior executive assistant in her absence. Manage conference room's schedule. Prepare  audio/video equipment for departmental meetings. Calendar scheduling, conference calls, prepare and submit expense  reports, handle travel arrangements, order office supplies and office equipment. Additional responsibilities included,  create/format and edit advertising ads (i.e.; journal, yellow pages and sponsorships) per executive and affiliated agencies  requests. Field and respond to agency's co-op program inquiries. Work with field representatives and general agents with imprint of pre-approved company ads. Communicate with compliance department to ensure proper usage of company  registered logo and understanding of branding standards. Create/track annual budget database for over 100 affiliated  agencies and distribute budget notification letters. Review reimbursement requests and GEAR submissions for adherence to guidelines, as well as log submissions. Ensure reimbursements are processed accurately and within guidelines.  Provide access to budget database to agency's financial managers. Enhance/format executive images for in-house  newsletters and personalized ads. Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Publisher (PC and Mac), Visio, Concur, AMEX Travel, eProcurement  (invoicing system), Oracle, Adobe Photoshop CS5, InDesign, Quark Xpress, Adobe Acrobat Professional 9, Lotus Notes  8.5, PeopleNet, iMovie, and iDVD.    QUALIFICATIONS  Resourceful, dedicated and loyal, tactical coordinator, work well under pressure, excellent communications skills, adapt  and adjust to job requirements, effective as a team player or team leader, innovative, but not attached to my ideas, a fast  learner. Speak, read and write Spanish.Junior Reserving Actuary Junior Reserving Actuary - NAVIGATORS MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC Mineola, NY - Enthusiastic and dedicated Actuarial Analyst with Pension Consulting background seeking a challenging position in a competitive environment. Team player excelling in leadership and multi-tasking with strong computer and time management skills. Work Experience Junior Reserving Actuary NAVIGATORS MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC - Rye Brook, NY - July 2012 to Present (4 years, 1 month) Report to Reserving Actuary with exposure to the CRO, Chief Actuary and CFO.  • Maintain the IBNR Calculation system in Access, including updating with new Reserve Categories, Underwriting Years and Catastrophe Codes.  • Ensure the IBNR System runs and creates accurate reports. Compile and upload quarterly reports on the intranet for access to executives.  • Reconcile database system with FOCUS (an in-house financial reporting system) with excessive use of sql to run queries and troubleshoot.  • Allocate Ceded IBNR by treaty and Reinsurer level.  • Assist CRO in gathering company expense and loss ratios and calculate Combined Ratio effect of GWP shortfall from target.  • Maintain SOX controls.  • Communicate with auditors and provide them data as requested.  • Create a new claims database for the Chief Actuary. Create tables and queries to support a study based on capping losses by removing shock losses from our analysis.  • Implement a new reserving process, which will allow for more analysis time and less focus on multiple data extracts followed by thorough reconciliations.  • Create data triangles for Milliman for their year-end Reserve Analysis.  • Assist with 10-year Economic analysis. Update with new hurricane and Underwriting Year data and ensure model is calculating accurately. Assistant Actuary SIRIUS AMERICA INSURANCE COMPANY - New York, NY - March 2009 to July 2012 (3 years, 4 months) Assisted the Senior VPs, Pricing and Reserving Managers, to cover all areas of expertise within the Actuarial department.  • Serviced the Canada Chief Accountant with all triangle and reserving requests.  • Ran several different reserving models in ReservePro and ReservePro Enterprise, while incorporating changes in loss development factors, to produce and maintain monthly reports.  • Consulted with applicable departments to cross check data inputs are accurate.  • Performed pricing and analysis of Medical Stop Loss and Excess reinsurance programs, while incorporating various pricing features, including profit commissions and fees at risk.  • Responsible for reviewing renewal and submission data, and applying various models to calculate aggressive, yet competitive rates for all accounts.  • Updated and maintained reinsurance pricing models.  • Produced quarterly reports of emerging experience of in force health and property & casualty reinsurance programs.  • Individually analyzed accounts to evaluate the accuracy of expected loss ratios based on loss and premium data submitted from various MGUs and TPAs.  • Created an automated Rate Monitoring Model for the CEO to evaluate the company's development and movement as a whole in comparison to industry factors received from MarketWatch and MarketScout.  • Temporary representative of the ERM team in the NY branch.  • Assisted the Global ERM team with expert Actuarial background to verify the accuracy of reserving inputs to the DFA Model.  • Data management for ERM reporting.  • Participated in weekly calls to update project managers and the CIOs of all offices on our progress, and supported the team with any obstacles they come across.  • Outlined specific testing methods to ensure the DFA model produces accurate results.  • Provided ad hoc analysis projects for the Actuarial department, including building a ReMetrica model from scratch to replicate real-life scenarios.  • Constructed and ran ReMetrica models based on several variables. Actuarial Analyst AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP - New York, NY - December 2006 to March 2009 (2 years, 3 months) Analyzed the financials, rates and product development within the Corporate and Occupational Accident market for the Domestic Accident & Health Division of AIG.  • Responsible for pricing and rate filing new products under the Domestic A&H Division.  • Researched new health coverage and evaluated the financial risk of incorporating the product within A&H.  • Compared product details with similar products in the market. Priced products competitively, factoring in future claims and premium data as well as an approvable loss ratio.  • Submitted Actuarial Memorandums and Rating Engines for approval throughout the US and Canada.  • Followed up with various state regulations and make appropriate actuarial adjustments to gain state approval.  • Maintained and monitored current pricing of A&H products. Priced products competitively, factoring in future claims and premium data as well as an approvable loss ratio.  • Performed experience/profitability studies on A&H books of business, including reinsurance arrangements, and contingent commission arrangements.  • Measured and developed IBNR factors to insure an accurate view of product profitability. Determined if current IBNR factors estimate an appropriate reserve for future claims.  • Determined quarterly reserve requirements for the Occupational Accident product line as well as the Corporate Market product line.  • Consulted for the Business Systems department on a special data project.  • Outlined the general project flow, including assigning specific tasks for efficiency.  • Trained business analysts on various useful excel formulas and tools.  • Assumed the managerial responsibilities of the project, and made sure to complete it days before assumed deadline.  • Hired and supervised summer intern. Actuarial Consultant BUCK CONSULTANTS - Secaucus, NJ - March 2006 to December 2006 (9 months) Enabled clients to better manage and organize their business and financial resources for the immediate and long term.  • Coordinated data collection including editing and testing data received from clients.  • Ran and evaluated the gain/loss liabilities analysis for each pension plan.  • Completed and interpreted actuarial valuations for client pension plans.  • Modified census specifications to reflect any changes to the group covered by the pension plan.  • Assisted in planning and calculating the budget for the following plan year for client review.  • Gathered and validated information to outside auditors regarding client pension plans.  • Responsible for preparing and completing Form 5500 including all appropriate schedules and attachments.  • Prepared PBGC forms and calculated premium payments in accordance with regulations. Actuarial Consultant USI CONSULTING GROUP - New York, NY - February 2005 to March 2006 (1 year, 1 month) Utilized analytical and communication skills to help clients with the design, financing, and administration of Defined Benefit pension plans.  • Used software tools and programming skills to analyze and edit data, reconcile data changes, identify inconsistencies, and produce reports.  • Formulated and processed benefit calculations, projected benefit estimates and produced benefit statements.  • Drafted the actuarial valuation for assigned clients and finalized after actuarial review.  • Updated and edited spreadsheets in Excel and/or ProVal for analysis and valuations.  • Completed the PBGC forms for determining premium payments to comply with regulations.  • Assisted in the preparation of government form 5500 filings and all appropriate schedules and attachments. Education Bachelors of Arts in Mathematics Queens College - New York, NY 2005 Additional Information Skills: Applications: MS-Office […] Outlook 98/XP, Adobe Acrobat Writer/Photoshop, Lotus Notes,  Lotus 1-2-3, Word Perfect, Word […] Excel, Access, Powerpoint, Visual Basic Editor, Monarch,  ProVal, ActVal, Ginsu, ReservePro and ReservePro Enterprise, ReMetrica, SQL  Languages: C++Primary Casualty Underwriter Primary Casualty Underwriter - Aspen Specialty Insurance New York, NY - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Primary Casualty Underwriter Aspen Specialty Insurance - New York, NY - February 2011 to Present • Assess and evaluate insurance submissions to determine applicants risk factors and appropriate pricing  • Strategically reach decisions when working on risk analysis for possible accounts that fit our appetite by working cooperatively with senior underwriting and actuary  • Manage relationships with a network of insurance brokers to optimize the insurance purchasing process Communications Intern Council Member Ydanis Rodriguez - New York, NY - September 2010 to January 2011 • Organized press clippings which mentioned Council Member Ydanis Rodriguez  • Liaison for printing department to secure proclamations and press advisories  • Created press releases, advisories and email blasts for special events and meetings  • Updated social networking websites and Ydanis Rodriguez's Official Page with information on upcoming events and recent news  • Assisted in meeting coordination and maintained invitations and contact files Information Security Intern 1199 SEIU Benefit and Pension Fund - New York, NY - June 2009 to August 2009 • Reviewed and identified potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts to the organization's financial processing system  • Prepared Excel spreadsheets to document activities comprised in previously defined security access roles of organization's application resources  • Communicated findings among Information Security Analysts and Officers Education Business Admin/ Marketing CUNY Lehman College - Bronx, NY December 2010 Certification in Institutes Lehman College for Spring Additional Information SKILLS:  • Strong analytical and organization skills  • Reliable and detailed oriented  • Working knowledge of Microsoft Office  • Advanced training in Microsoft Excel by New HorizonsActuary - Experienced Associate, Global Human Resource Solutions Actuary - Experienced Associate, Global Human Resource Solutions - PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP New York, NY - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Actuary - Experienced Associate, Global Human Resource Solutions PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP - New York, NY - September 2013 to Present September 2013 - Present  • Managed the receipt and filing of client data and subsequently created, manipulated, and prepared large data sets,  derived from the client data, for predictive modeling  • Collaborated with teams to analyze client plan documents and program or update pension valuation software  • Developed and updated macros in order to prepare benefit calculations for pension plans for certification by an enrolled actuary  • Participated in complex special projects, including development of new or revised plan designs and problem  solving or investigation related to modeling. Responded to requests for special assistance, financial information or actuarial support to other company departments or to senior management  • Performed various pension plan testing methodologies, particularly non-discrimination and top heavy testing  • Assisted in preparing and presenting complex written and verbal materials (reports, findings and presentations)  • Coached and assisted in training new PwC interns and associates Teaching Assistant UNIVERSITY WORK - Ithaca, NY - August 2011 to May 2013 Prepared lesson plans and facilitated weekly group discussion sections for introductory statistics courses  • Tutored students individually or in small groups to assist with assignments and reinforce learning  concepts presented by professors  • Provided feedback and recommendations for students and instructor  • Refined group process and public speaking skills    RELEVANT COURSEWORK / TRAINING  Coursework: Applied Linear Statistical Models, Applied Time Series Analysis, Probability Models and Inference,  Statistical Sampling, Statistical Computing, Spatial Statistics, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics, Finance Actuary - Intern Global Human Resource Solutions - June 2012 to August 2012 Performed funding and expense valuations, liability calculations, and data processing  • Learned pension law and its applicability to the services PwC provides clients  • Interacted with clients to obtain essential information necessary to provide pension valuation services  • Read and developed a working knowledge of pension plan documents in order to prepare pension and other post  employment benefit plan information in designated formats  • Responsible for managing and filing government Form 5500s and Schedule SB's with the Department of Labor Education Bachelor of Science in Biometry and Statistics Cornell University - Ithaca, NY May 2013 Additional Information SKILLS  Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Visual Basic for Applications (VBA),  Matlab, R-Statistical Analysis Programming, ProValActuarial Intern, Life Actuary team Columbia University--M.A Statistics New York, NY - Work Experience Actuarial Intern, Life Actuary team AIG, Shanghai Center - 上海市 - July 2015 to September 2015 •Summarized China's pricing and investment regulations for life insurance companies  •Analyzed data of China's major life insurance companies by calculating companies' expense ratio, market share corresponding to product types, and doing analysis of their asset allocation  •Performed detailed market research and designed a draft structure of a variable annuity product in a team of 4 members Summer Intern, GC Analyst team Guy Carpenter & Company - 北京市 - July 2014 to August 2014 •Collected and cleaned data for natural catastrophe from year 1945 to 2005, and analyzed data by pivot table to create a structure of loss model in a team of 5 members  •Summarized data of Chinese market gross written premiums, analyzed the profit and loss by line of business in order to prepare for constructing reinsurance policy Volunteer Carnegie Mellon Library - September 2012 to September 2012 Chinese Student Spring Festival Gala Performer 2011, 2012  w•Software: Microsoft Office, VBA, R, Prophet  w•Language: Chinese (native), Cantonese (fluent) Summer Intern, Department of International Settlement Bank of China - Guangzhou, CN - June 2012 to August 2012 •Analyzed international settlement data and prepared budget summary tables, charts, reports and presentations  •Communicated with different department members to schedule for meetings and sharing monthly budget summary Education Master of Arts in Statistics Columbia University - New York, NY 2014 to 2016 Bachelor of Science in Actuarial Mathematics University of Pittsburgh - Pittsburgh, PA 2010 to 2014 Skills R (2 years), Microsoft Office (4 years), Data Analysis (2 years), Data Mining (1 year), SOA 1/P-passed, SOA 2/FM-passed, SOA 3/MFE-passed, SQLReserving Actuary Reserving Actuary - IronShore Inc New York, NY - Willing to relocate to: Los Angeles, CA Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Reserving Actuary IronShore Inc - New York, NY - October 2014 to Present (1 year, 10 months) Performed quarterly reserving analysis across all lines of Ironshore's Ireland portfolio, including  Casualty, Financial Lines, Commercial Property, Marine and Energy.  • Designed and produced actuarial reports, exhibits and presentations to summarize and simplify actuarial  results and process for external communications to various stakeholders including underwriters, claims  adjusters, Finance, and Executive Management.  • Worked closely with Finance, IT, Business Analytic and Underwriters to streamline quarterly reserving  process, strengthen data quality, built and implemented various data management tools using Access and  Excel.  • Performed quarterly forecast of gross and net IBNR movements for Commercial Property business. Actuarial Consultant Ernst &Yong LLP - New York, NY - October 2010 to December 2014 (4 years, 2 months) Performed reserving analysis and prepared Statement of Actuarial Opinion (SAO) as part of annual  financial statement of various clients and various lines of business such as Auto, Property, WC, Aviation,  Marine, Energy and Surety.  • Helped develop reserve analysis tool for US asbestos and pollution liabilities and implemented this  analytical tool for numerous asbestos clients.  • Performed annual and quarterly reserve analysis and issued actuarial report to assist Statutory and  GAAP audit of various insurance companies and self-reserving companies for various business lines.  • Performed extensive actual versus expected, future cash flow and capital requirement analyses for large  international clients for property, auto, aviation, construction defect, asbestos and environmental lines of business. Pricing Actuary Economical Insurance Group - Waterloo, CA - January 2014 to October 2014 (9 months) Used Emblem to build GLM models to explore new rating factors, test profitability, and identify  geographical regions with better than average risks as potential marketing target for Personal Property and Auto lines.  • Designed new incentive program to brokers and discount offerings to policyholders using predictive  modeling aimed to increase competitiveness while maintain profitability in Personal Property and Auto.  • Collaborated with IT, Business Analytics, and Underwriters to implement and monitor new pricing  structure.  • Used SAS to extract, examine, test and analyze pricing data. Education Bachelor in Mathematics University of Waterloo 2010 Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS    Proficient in SAS, Emblem, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Word, and @RiskActuary Modeler Actuary Modeler New York, NY - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Actuary Modeler ALM, MetLife - November 2014 to Present Automated the Replicating Portfolio (RP) generating process. Supported running monthly RPs of liabilities and assets. Produced monthly reports of RP MV, KRDs, in/out of sample scenarios fit. Uploaded data to database and  wrote SQL queries for data checking purposes. Ran monthly BackTesting using rolled-forward RP. Provided RP  results to support Global Risk Management group and Economic Capital group. Monitored scenario results against IAIS regulations. Supervised by Michael Green, AVP and James Knight, VP, FIA Actuary Intern P&C, ACE Group - February 2014 to October 2014 Implemented financial models, including loss trend study, MCMC Bayesian loss distribution and variance  development to assist P&C corporate pricing team. Generated Increase Limit Factors curve for reinsurance risk  assessment. Supported producing company quarterly and annual reports and exhibits. Aggregated loss ratios and hurdle rates from multiple regions and lines of business. Supervised by Glen Leibowitz, SVP, FCAS Actuarial Summer Intern Chinatrust Life Insurance Company - June 2013 to August 2013 Generated pricing and valuation models and calculated reserve for 19 life and health products as preparation  work for merging Manulife Taiwan. Used Excel, C#, SQL, Access and Prophet to process and analyze data.  Studied BS/IS and reallocated assets to raise company RBC ratio. Supervised by Chen-Te Cheng, SVP, FSA  SOA EXAMS Education MS in Actuarial Science Columbia University - New York, NY September 2012 to December 2013 BS in Computer Science and Information Engineering National Taiwan University - 台北市 September 2008 to January 2012 Skills SOA Exam P, FM, MFE, MLC, CSenior Actuary Senior Actuary - Deloitte Consulting - Actuarial & Insurance Solutions New York, NY - Currently I am enjoying an excellent professional experience at Deloitte Consulting in London. As a qualified Actuary, I have mainly focussed on actuarial consulting (8 years) as well as strategy and management consulting (2 years). The time has now come for me to build on this experience and to move into a role that will allow me to pursue more of my passion for asset management. Willing to relocate to: New York, NY Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Senior Actuary Deloitte Actuarial & Insurance Solutions - London - October 2014 to Present Responsibilities  •Coordinated key project to improve the capital position by £2-3bn of an international insurance group     Accomplishments  •Managed and aligned 10+ individuals in asset management, finance management and financial reporting   •Provided technical advice in asset & liability management to agree: the eligible assets and liabilities, the construction of the matching adjustment portfolio and the required fund structure  •Delivered pre-Application to the UK regulator. Client concluded work was delivered 3x faster than usual. Senior Manager Strategy Pricing & Profitability Deloitte UK Executive - London - October 2013 to September 2014 Responsibilities  Led the development and implementation of a new profitability strategy and managed the working group of 15 senior Deloitte Partners (incl 2 Deloitte Executives and all 4 COOs    Accomplishments  •Allowed the Executive to better manage the UK Partner group and to better monitor performance   •Improved the ability of the UK Partner group to manage client portfolios and to optimise profits   •Simplified cross selling: enhancing profitability and allowing optimal investment decision making Chief of Staff Deloitte Consulting Leadership, Strategic Development - London - October 2012 to September 2013 Responsibilities  Right hand to the Lead Partner Strategic Development and the Consulting Leadership Team (15 senior Consulting Partners covering Finance, Operations, Strategy and Technology)    Accomplishments  •Delivered strategic analysis, trends and market condition forecasts to reduce revenue volatility   •Created a financial model to optimise the benefits of restructuring the Consulting business model   •Produced strategies for: high growth areas, new ways of project delivery, enhanced client relationships Senior Actuary Deloitte Actuarial & Insurance Solutions - London - May 2006 to September 2012 Responsibilities  1) Led a team of 7 consultants, to develop asset&liability valuation models to value reinsurance contracts (≤ ¥160bn) containing expensive guarantees for Tier 1 Japanese Insurance Group  2) Led a multi disciplinary team of 5 consultants, growing to 20 consultants, to enhance and accelerate the annual valuation process at a Tier 1 European Banking & Insurance Group  3) Other roles     Accomplishments  1) •Optimised the on-going capital position and monitored performance of the underlying hedge structures   •Produced: stresses for 1 in 200 year events, ESG files, non-linearity, diversification, analysis of change   2) •Developed new valuation models for 3 leading insurance brands and coordinated project in 3 countries   •Achieved a reduction in the year-end valuation process timelines by 21 days at Group level   3) •Provided specialist advice on developing and implementing a Market Consistent Embedded Value (“MCEV”) Valuation for the £1.5bn IPO of Partnership, a specialist annuity provider in the UK  •Prepared MCEV valuation report as part of Long Form Report created for the Partnership flotation   •Supported Deloitte Director with due diligence work of the sale of a Spanish life insurance company Life Coach Full time volunteer for Charity - CityTel Aviv - June 2010 to December 2011 Responsibilities  •Trained as a Life Coach for a Charity to support people creating positive change in their personal life Consulting Actuary Bacon & Woodrow Deloitte - Amsterdam - January 2002 to April 2006 Responsibilities  •Responsible for building/running valuation models & risk models for Dutch life insurance companies  •Responsible for projects in: M&A, Embedded Value, Capital adequacy, Product Pricing, Profit Tests   •Responsible for reviewing and analysing the valuations of Tier 1 European life insurance companies Education Qualified Actuary in Actuariel Science Actuarial Institute - Amsterdam 2003 to 2005 Master's in Actuarial Science University of Amsterdam - Amsterdam 1998 to 2003 Business, Economics and Finance University of Hong Kong - Hong Kong, HK August 2002 to December 2002 Grammar School in Economics 1, Economics 2, Mathematics 1, Mathematics 2, English, French, Latin, Dutch Grammar School - Zeist 1992 to 1998 Skills Programme Leadership, Finance Transformation, Risk Management, Management Strategy, Capital Management, Valuation Modelling Certifications Qualified Actuary October 2005 to Present Additional Information • Key skills: Quantitative & Analytical, Mathematical, Team building & Leadership, Inter organisation, Communication, Stakeholder management, Relationship building    • Technical skills: Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Prophet, DCS, Access    • Personal: Competing Rower in Men’s eight in 2001 and 2002 for Nereus (during University)Life Actuary Life Actuary Queens, NY - Obtain an internship in the field of Risk Management or Actuarial Science. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Life Actuary SAHAM Insurance - September 2014 to October 2015 Actuary Assistant at ARM-Consultant - March 2014 to August 2014 Intern Moroccan Pension Fund - 2013 to 2013 Topic: Asset-liability Management of Supplementary Pension Plan ATTAKMILI. Intern Insurance and Social Welfare Directorate - July 2012 to September 2012 Topic: Developing Demographic and Financial Assumptions for Actuarial Simulations.    Activities  • Programming pricing models using VBA as well as SAS ;  • Certification retirement actuarial reserves of internal pensions funds and Insurance companies ;  • Pricing Life Insurance products such as Death insurance, Life insurance, Savings ;  • Pricing social insurance products such as Retirement Pension, Family allowances, Medical Covers,  daily allowances, Capital deaths and Disability pension ;  • Computing employee benefits as claimed in IAS 19 ;  • Modelling and projecting demographic and financial flows ;  • Preparating and simuling actuarial balance;  • Developing sampling plans;  • Processing and analysing databases ;  • Adjusting mortality tables. Education DIPLOMA in ACTUARIAL SCIENCE AND FINANCE National Institute of Statistics and Applied Economics 2011 to 2013 BACHELORS in ECONOMICS AND MANAGEMENT SCIENCES Sultan Moulay Slimane University 2008 to 2011 Mohamed V High School June 2008 Skills Statistics (2 years), actuarial (2 years), SAS (1 year), VBA, VBA (2 years) Additional Information Competences / Skills  Actuarial Science: Risk Theory, Life Insurance Mathematics, Non-life Insurance Mathematics, Methods of  Reinsurance, Foresight and group insurance, Demographic Analysis Methods, Demographic  Models and Projections, Survey Techniques, Methods of statistical surveys, Lifetime Analysis.  Finance: Financial Markets and Portfolio Management, Foundations of Financial Decision, Mathematical  Models of Finance, Financial Analysis of Banking institutions and Insurances, Econometrics of  Finance, Monetary Economics, Financial Mathematics, Financial Economy.  Statistics: Statistical investigation Methodology, Regression Analysis, Databases Practice, Data Analysis,  Stochastic Modeling, Multivariate Statistics, Statistical inference, Time series, Variance  Analysis, Econometrics, Linear and Nonlinear Programming, Non Parametric Statistics,  Descriptive statistics, Statistics simulation, Probability Theory.  Management: Enterprises Management, General Accounting, Insurance and Banks Accounting, Insurance  and Banks Law, Macroeconomics, Microeconomics, Tax Management, Budget Management,  Decision theory, Law Principals, Affairs Law, Management and marketing principles.    Language and Computer Skills  French: Fluent  English: Average  Arabic: Fluent    Good knowledge of VISUAL BASIC, VBA Excel, ACCESS, SQL as well as SPSS, SAS, EVIEWS, SPHINX, R.  Good working knowledge of Microsoft Windows and Office.Assistant Actuary Assistant Actuary Mineola, NY - Pursuing a career involving statistical analysis, modeling, prediction, risk management, analytical thinking, and optimization of costs and benefits. I want to use my talents to make faster, more efficient, and more accurate math models. Work Experience Assistant Actuary Dickinson Group - Garden City, NY - October 2011 to Present (4 years, 10 months) Same job description as O'Sullivan, though now I manage the workflow of all Health and Welfare related items with all our clients, including Ad Hoc analysis, COBRA Rates, PPACA preparation, IBNR, SOP 01-2 calculations, Annual Reserve Valuations, Med D Attestations, Annual Limit Waiver Notices, and benefit cost analysis. Assistant Actuary O'Sullivan Associates - January 2010 to July 2011 (1 year, 6 months) Cherry Hill, NJ     Job Responsibilities  ➢ Correspondence with clients, data collection, data processing, Actuarial Valuation computation, editing, writing and standardizing uniformly across clients. All of this was done in Excel and Word.  ➢ Preparing supervisor to present at trustees' meetings for both SOP 01-2 reports and Annual Plan Valuations for Taft-Hartley Multi-Employer Welfare Plans. These both include Modeling Life Contingencies, Income/Expense projections, IBNR/Accumulated Liability calculations, and more. Using the results, we recommend plan changes or contribution changes to establish and meet general health and welfare funding goals. I was also in charge of all Medicare D Actuarial Equivalence Attestations.    What I Provided  ➢ I greatly improved the accuracy of our calculations, and changed the program so that it ran over 2000% faster than before.  ➢ Performed additional ad hoc analysis and innovated new interactive presentations to show our clients.  ➢ Created and implemented a more organized system of completing SOP reports, then oversaw the small group that worked on them.    SKILLS  ➢ Excellent Excel 2007 skills, including basic VBA programming  ➢ Excellent communication skills  ➢ Proficient in all other Microsoft Office programs  ➢ Programming experience in Minitab, Matlab, EViews 6.0, and Maple 9 and 10, and VBA Macros  ➢ Excellent writing, research and analytical skills  ➢ Leadership and organizing experience gained through current employment and as President of student-run club at University of Delaware (YChromes, an all-male a capella singing group)  ➢ Basic proficiency of the Italian language, written and spoken Education Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and Economics University of Delaware - Newark, DE December 2008 Skills Extremely proficient in Excel 2007 Additional Information Exam P - 9  Exam FM - 6  Exam MLC - 8Actuary E&S New York, NY - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Actuary E&S Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company - 2014 to Present (2 years, 7 months) Responsibilities  •Provide analytical leadership within Nationwide Management Liability and Specialty actuarial team and champion fact-based decisions based on credible data.   •Provide monthly and quarterly analysis packages for several different insurance programs by benchmarking our Key Performance Indices, KPI’s, against the insurance industry when applicable.  •Lead and execute high impact projects, such as a countrywide rate filing process for Surety and Fidelity, Cyber Liability and Commercial Directors and Officers products, assist in the development of a predictive model for Surety, and evaluate the profitability of new multi million dollar potential business opportunities throughout the year.  •Coordinate with underwriting and product development to respond to all State Department of Insurance objections and inquiries.  •Develop new and improve data visualization reports, using Tableau, to track and report key aspects of Nationwide Management Liability and Specialty core business in order to inform key business decisions.   •Supervise and peer review assignments completed by colleagues.  •Analyze industry data to determine market size, product penetration, growth rate and competitive landscape, as well as to highlight target market segments and demographics.   •Present findings and recommendations, via Microsoft PowerPoint presentation, from research projects to senior management within the organization.  •Write efficient and accurate VBA code as well as SQL queries in SAS that can be leveraged on a regular basis to extract and analyze large data sets.   •Support the development of underwriting risk selection and risk management tools to be used by Nationwide Management Liability and Specialty senior management Actuarial Analyst AIG - 2012 to 2014 (2 years) Responsibilities  •Successfully managed, coordinated and utilized industry leading methodologies to complete California homeowner competitor market analysis.  •Completed customer retention analysis research for country wide homeowner book of business using industry best practices.   •Conducted meetings and made Microsoft PowerPoint presentations to senior management from Actuarial and Underwriting departments.  •Assisted in predictive modeling analysis for countrywide homeowner’s book of business.  •Programmed several auto and homeowner rating engines in Microsoft Excel using Visual Basic coding and complex formulas such as vlookups and arrays.  •Successfully managed and completed personal auto rate filings submitted to the State Department of Insurance, including Utah and Kentucky. Actuarial Analyst Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. - 2010 to 2012 (2 years) Responsibilities  •Successfully completed product development and ratemaking work for large commercial business.   •Monitored rate adequacy, profitability and competitor rate changes for several commercial lines of business.  •Prepared several State Department of Insurance filings, including New York and New Jersey.  •Performed reinsurance ceded premium and ceded claims testing every month using complex formulas in Microsoft Excel.  •Researched external data sources to evaluate trends in the commercial insurance market.  •Manipulated and analyzed large volumes of industry data to evaluate severity trends necessary for the quarterly reserve reviews report for several lines of business, using Microsoft Excel and Res Q.  •Effectively liaised with senior claims personnel to explore any unusual changes in claims data. Education Masters in Economics (Concentration in Forecasting) State University of New York at Albany - Albany, NY 2006 to 2009 Bachelor's in Actuarial Science and Economics State University of New York at Albany - Albany, NY 2002 to 2006 Skills SAS 9.2, SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Visual Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Tableau, E-views, Microsoft Office, Microsoft MapPoint, VBA, SQL, Radar, Rate Assessor, Res Q Additional Information •Member of the George B. Kelley Education Foundation  •Member of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity IncorporatedJunior Actuary Junior Actuary Stony Brook, NY - Work Experience Junior Actuary AeonLife - Dalian, CN - July 2011 to August 2011 • Analyze the rate of return of different products  • Help develop the pricing model Intern Guangdong Development Bank - Dalian, CN - July 2009 to July 2009 Dalian, China  • Acquired information on transaction business between companies and banks  • Attended the weekly meeting and learned more accounting and finance knowledge Junior Accountant Accounting Plus - January 2009 to July 2009 Ontario, Canada  • Familiarized myself with Quickbooks  • bank statement reconciliation Volunteer of Summer World Economic Forum Davos - Dalian, CN - 2009 to 2009 2009  • Served for allocation and transportation team and toured guests around Dalian  • Learned how to organize large-sized international economic forum and was honored as Excellent Volunteer Research Assistant Dongbei University of Finance and Economics - Dalian, CN - 2008 to December 2008 Dalian, China  • Analyzed data on Competitive Edge of Equipment Manufacturing Sector of Liaoning Province, supported by Social Science Fund of Liaoning Province (L08AJY001) Member of AIESEC-an international student organization AIESEC - 2007 to 2007 2007  • Helped international students to find an internship in China  • Communicated with companies to search for great internship opportunities for foreigner students Education Master of Science in Applied Mathematics and Statistics Stony Brook University - Stony Brook, NY January 2011 Bachelor of Management in Accounting Dongbei University of Finance and Economics September 2006 to June 2010 Additional Information Skills:  • Pass SOA exam P and exam FM  • Pass all 14 exams for Certified General Accountants in Canada  • Proficient in English and Mandarin Chinese  • Mathematica, Matlab, C programmingAssociate Actuary Associate Actuary - TIAA-CREF Flushing, NY - Computer programming professional with extensive experience in actuarial, financial and insurance applications. Over 35 years' experience in developing and maintaining computer systems. Ability to work alone or be a trusted team player.  Software COBOL, Natural, Excel VBA, C++, JAVA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Associate Actuary TIAA-CREF - June 2001 to Present Providing all test environment and production TIAA crediting rate file updates, reducing the amount of time by 30% required to complete these tasks.  • Maintaining Deferred Annuity and Immediate Annuity valuation systems.  • Annually submitting all Life Insurance mortality and policy behavior files to the New York State Insurance Department.  • Delivering all mortality table updates and related testing deliverables, streamlining the amount of work required for these updates.  • Providing strong customer service through error-free verification of TIAA Renewal Dividends and time sensitive actuarial calculations.  • Working closely with modeling and experience studies team to satisfy their data needs. Technical Consultant / Programmer Analyst Guardian Life Insurance Company - September 1991 to May 2001 • Efficiently programmed major enhancements and maintained Life Valuation system, Reinsurance Valuation System, Active Lives Disability system, Tax Valuation system and Deficiency Reserve system.  • Annually submitted all Individual Life Insurance Business and Factor files to New York State Insurance Department. Designed and wrote many programs to speed up process without sacrificing precision.  • Reviewed analysis reports, remediating code, testing systems, and monitoring production jobs via Y2K process. Received highest Y2K company bonus.  • Wrote balance sheet system for equity accounts. Received letter of commendation from comptroller. Technical Consultant / Programmer Analyst William Mercer - July 1988 to July 1991 • Programmed and analyzed data summaries; programmed valuation system; prepared reports and benefit certifications.  • Designed and programmed Disability Illustration System that replaced manual system.  • Updated major client's software, producing valuation reports, resulting in enormous savings in time and manpower.  • Programmed Social Security Illustrations, making them very user friendly. Consultant Computer Horizons Corporation - 1985 to 1988 Two consulting assignments  • Morgan Stanley - member of team that programmed trading system using Natural/ADABAS.  • Dean Witter - programmed research system for analyst in a very timely fashion. Programmer Analyst New York Life - 1981 to 1985 Customized Universal Life software package into New York Life system. Programmed accounting and commission subsystems. Actuarial Trainee Mutual of New York - 1976 to 1980 Various rotational assignments in Corporate Actuarial, Individual Life, Individual Health and Group Pension Departments. Education M.A. in Information Computer Technology Capella University 2006 B.A. in Mathematics Queens College - Flushing, NY 1976Associate Actuary Associate Actuary Jamaica, NY - Work Experience Associate Actuary SCOR Global Life Americas - New York, NY - February 2010 to December 2012 (2 years, 10 months) Duties include quarterly financial reporting, valuation of annuity block, and analysis of Annuity and Life blocks, including GAAP and STAT. Involved with Annual statement preparation and working with auditors. Keeping updated on FASB regulations, promulgations, understanding Principle Based Reserving.  • Involved with Risk Management to develop weekly Enterprise Risk Management matrices and estimates.  • Responsible for Annuity, Life and UL blocks cash-flow testing and development of Market-Consistent Embedded Values (EV), and Economic Capital.  • Actively work on and involved with modeling the assets in Bond Edge.  • Work in a team for ALM and analysis.  • Worked on M&A activities and its completions.  • Responsible for Liability adequacy tests and also completion and analysis of ad hoc projects as assigned.  • Actively work on and involved with the companies 5 year Financial Planning and Analysis.  • Worked with Financial Institutions Group (FIG) at BlackRock as part of asset management responsibilities,  including asset allocation, investment performance, Liquidity analysis, etc.  • Understand emerging trends and set valuation assumptions.  • Respond to insurance industry organization surveys and questionnaires, like AM Best.  • Perform miscellaneous duties as required by management.  • Work with others to complete urgent and adhoc projects. Associate Actuary MassMutual Financial Group - Enfield, CT - June 2008 to February 2010 (1 year, 8 months) Duties included analyzing and recommending credit rate strategies for fixed credited rates and performing stochastic modeling to evaluate the pricing cost of embedded policyholder options.  • Provided analysis and forecasting of investment and crediting rate experience to management on agreed- upon dates and maintained ALM modeling.  • Supported the planning unit and set fixed product credited rates.  • Developed and maintained consistent liability models to support ALM, corporate, valuation and pricing areas.  • Monitored and updated key assumptions and performed quarterly and/or ad hoc liability reporting analysis to the investment department.  • Additional responsibilities included providing in-force risk management expertise, including exception review/approvals, ongoing profitability reviews, experience monitoring and EV reporting of existing fixed income and immediate products.  • Selected to provide support for ongoing risk management activities such as liquidity studies, segmentation review, quality assurance on fixed credited rates and other projects, as needed.  • Served as the liaison between the planning unit and investment areas with the responsibilities of reviewing plan model assumptions, assisting with updating forecasts and projecting future crediting rates. Also provided analysis and forecasting of NII results and true-up adjustments.  • Actively work on and involved with the companies 5 year Financial Planning and Analysis. Assistant Actuary GE Financial Assurance and Genworth Financial - Richmond, VA - March 1999 to June 2008 (9 years, 3 months) Duties included loss recoverability analysis, reserving/valuation (quarterly valuation and analysis of a block of SPDA policies, including DAC and RBC reporting), option-based valuation (quarterly price behavior curve, key rate duration and liability cash flow completion and analysis of a block of SPDA, market value adjustment and retirement answer policies), budgeting and forecasting and annual statement and balance sheet. Actively work on and involved with companies 5 year financial planning and analysis.  • Developed a sensitivity analysis of the projection and multi-year plan by using interest rate shocks. I was involved in the subsequent analysis and recommendation of the total block of business.  • Other duties included developing annual DAC factors for a block of SPDA policies, cash-flow testing, C3 analysis, value-based analysis, annual statement preparation and subsequent discussion with stakeholders and auditors.  • Completed various ad hoc and/or complex projects as needed.  • Worked on some blocks of business purchasing and M&A activities and its completion.    Actuarial Assistant  • Duties included reserving and analysis of SPDA policies, including DAC and RBC reporting, option-based valuation, projecting and reporting the quarterly price behavior curve, key rate duration, cash flows of a block of SPDA policies, budgeting/forecasting, cash flow testing, C3 analysis and annual statement preparation. Senior Actuarial Staff Assistant Trigon Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Virginia - Richmond, VA - December 1984 to March 1999 (14 years, 3 months) Duties included valuation, pricing, annual forecasting, budgeting, IBNR claims, loss ratio calculations and presentation of results to senior management. Actively work on and involved with the companies 5 year financial planning and analysis.  • As a member of a team, developed proprietary software to establish premium rates and anticipate claims for both individual and group products. Position also required team-based analysis of quarterly results and communication to stakeholders.  • Additional duties included management of two actuarial students.  Senior Actuarial Analyst  • Duties included valuation, budgeting, forecasting, cash-flow forecasting for the investment department, estimation of IBNR and all other analysis. Charged with presenting the results to others in the department.  Actuarial Analyst  • Duties included financial forecasting of the entire company and assisting in communication of the results.  • Assisted in the estimation of IBNR and participated in a group charged with pricing and product development. Education M. S. in Actuarial Science University of Connecticut April 2000 B. S. in Mathematics University of Dhaka - Dhaka April 2000 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Proficient in MoSes, TAS and PTS software systems and some experience in MG-ALFA and AXIS  Excellent skill level with Excel, Word and PowerPoint softwareExecutive Assistant for Chief Actuary & Chief Risk Officer 10 Year Experienced Executive Assistant for Chief Officers New York, NY - Work Experience Executive Assistant for Chief Actuary & Chief Risk Officer QBE the Americas - New York, NY - April 2006 to Present (10 years, 4 months) • Chief Actuary, SVP: Expense reports, Various as needed project work, Managing incoming and outgoing correspondence, Managed professional calendar, Participated in team meetings and documented meeting minutes, Provided organized materials for Committee Meeting with Executive Board Members including CEO, Yearly coordinate Actuarial Workshop Logistics for participants companywide, Support Group Chief Actuary during NY office visits, Coordinate and participate in management meetings, Maintain and develop department yearly budget reports, Developed 12 week internship program with peers, Coordinated training programs for internal/external staff for the company, Created write ups, evaluations forms for senior leaders with the department, organized administrative committee for the entire NY office location to improve day to day work routines  • Sr. VP's and 90 Actuary Assistance: Prepared schedule and interviews for new employees, revised excel data sheets for Actuaries, reviewed database drive and inventory of documentation. Processed expense reports for Sr. VP's and Actuary's on a needed basis. Ordered supplies for group. Created department phone list and personal list. Organized all team activities  • CRO Assistance: Expense reports, monitored and prepared department expenses, scheduled meetings for CRO and other department members, electronic filings, maintain outlook files as well as scanning documents, Schedule all travel arrangements including air and ground and accommodations, register department members as well as CRO for conferences, receive CRO's daily mail, Managed daily calendar and updated contact list on outlook, print out documents requested, Mild personal assistance, Created and organized hard copy files, Planned group events, Answering, screening and directing incoming calls, Assisting in the creation of corporate presentations such as AM Best and Standard and Poors Executive Assistant for Sr. Vice President of Drug Safety Intermune Inc - Brisbane, CA - June 2004 to August 2005 (1 year, 2 months) • Office Management Support: Maintained and ordered supplies, provided general office support, handled new hire voicemail, IT and office set-up, Performed personnel administrative tasks, including coordinating and participating in the hiring and promotion process, supervising the training of new employees and the ongoing training of other employees, resolving unusual employee problems, and supervising employee time and attendance records.  • Project Assistant: Assisted in preparation of studies and development of standard operating procedures for drug safety associates, created and maintained tracking databases, provided general administrative support to the project team including: copying, faxing, mailing, filing and expense reports  • Travel and Meeting Management: Reported to the VP of Drug Safety, planned logistics for internal and external meetings, coordinated travel arrangements for team members, maintained department schedules and calendars  • HR Support: Scheduled candidate interviews, handled phone screenings, managed candidate legal documentation and new hire orientation Executive Assistant Young's Market Company - Union City, CA - October 2002 to May 2003 (7 months) • Project Management and Sales Team Support: Supported seven managers, three directors and the VP of Northern California Sales; managed files, developed daily, weekly and monthly inventory reports, organized and developed monthly incentive packages for sales representatives  • Travel and Meeting Management: Handled all travel arrangements, meeting preparations, daily calendar activity and logistics for internal events  • Client & Vendor Relations: Maintained inventory, handled client relations and launched event celebrations for new brands like Bacardi flavors, Stoli flavors, Kettle One, Glen Levett, Remy Red, Hypnotiq and others Account Executive/Project Coordinator Weber Shandwick - San Mateo, CA - October 1999 to May 2002 (2 years, 7 months) • Office Management Support: Coordinated and directed administrative support functions for the office and department. Implemented policies and procedures for production of documents, work flow, filing, ordering of supplies, records maintenance, and other clerical services. Organized office operations such as workspace assignment and layout. Assisted in decision process for hiring, terminating, promoting, or evaluating office personnel. Monitored budget, accounting, and time records. Supervised less than ten employees including receptionist and shipping and receiving. Coordinated office move.  • Account Support: Provided support to top accounts, including Hewlett Packard, Agilent Technology, iBeam Technologies; developed extensive business presentations, marketing materials and business plans; managed logistics for trade shows and attended trade shows, including PC EXPO, to assist briefings with press briefings; managed company's intranet website for worldwide communications, acted as lead coordinator for agency vendor services such as Media Map, assisted in development of key press releases, fact sheets and background information for Senior AE's  • Executive Support: Managed and maintained schedules and coordinated travel and meetings for CEO, Chairman, VP, General Manager and Director  • HR Support: Trained new hires, developed and updated new training procedures Project Coordinator/Quality Assurance Assistant Office Management Support - San Carlos, CA - January 1998 to October 1999 (1 year, 9 months) Human Resources screening and interviewing, Supplied record management, checked email, forward to appropriate parties. Provided impeccable customer service to our clients and received all telephone calls as 1st priority. Training of the receptionist and releasing for breaks. Staff training.  • Lab Support: Revised Quality Assurance (QA) documentation, updated standard operating procedures for 29 labs, managed monthly shipments of lab devices for Calibration/Validation Department, maintained and managed the routing, tracking, and scheduling of all calibration and PM Activities  • Travel and Meeting Management: Managed travel and meeting schedules for the Director and VP of QA  • HR Support: Developed training packet and slide presentation for new hire QA orientation  • Investor Relations: Support the SAP Investor Relations team in creating and organizing interim and financial results presentations and arranging company visits for sell-side and buy-side analysts, Further development of the SAP Investor Relations packets, Support the SAP Investor Relations team in setting up retail investor events, Answer inquiries from retail shareholders over the phone, via email and at retail investor events, Provide backup phone support to handle inquiries from financial analysts and press representatives, Prepare written press releases, presentations, and information text for SAP Investor Relations web pages Education B.A. in Business Management, Telecommunications DeVry University - Fremont, CA August 1999 to May 2003 Skills Good written and oral communications skills, Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Power Point, Access, Word, Office, Media Map, Factiva, PR Newswire, AS/400, Blue Mountain and JD Edwards, Oracle PeopleSoft, Concur Solutions, SharePoint Additional Information PERSONAL INTERESTS / FACTS  • Event planning: corporate, wedding, holiday, cultural event and dance  • Hosted a charity show for nearly 1000 guests of the Sankara Eye Foundation and raised $12KAssociate Actuary / Special (Large) Accounts (SA) Actuarial Manager Associate Actuary / Special (Large) Accounts (SA) Actuarial Manager Teaneck, NJ - Work Experience Associate Actuary / Special (Large) Accounts (SA) Actuarial Manager CRUM & FORSTER INSURANCE INC - Morristown, NJ - 1999 to August 2013 (14 years, 7 months) Primary Pricing Actuary for Company's Large Account Division for 14 years.  Lines of business included Workers Compensation (WC), Auto Liability (AL), and General Liability (GL) - average size of book was $90m  • Worked closely with Underwriters to develop profitable opportunites in the Large Account market  • Priced Primary Prospective Covers for all accounts individually; also priced Umbrella, Excess and FAC layers when necessary  • Updated Pricing Model regularly - distributed to and trained Underwriters and Actuaries  • Recommended Expected Loss and Combined Ratios used in Reserving and Planning  • Reviewed results with Reserve Actuaries; compared results with expected targets and reported to Management    Results:  ❑ Returned business to profitability while maintaining revenue after running huge losses. The Large Accounts Division decreased a 150% Combined Ratio to under 90% in three years  ❑ Saved 9% in loss reserves and changed the direction of company's business plans by finding coding errors in the Claims system  ❑ Improved pricing by finding model errors, improving loss forecasting techniques, setting pricing standards and correcting poor use of modeled results    - Assistant Vice President / Pricing Actuary CHARTWELL RE CORP. INC - Stamford, CT - April 1997 to August 1999 (2 years, 4 months) Priced reinsurance treaties including Quota Share, Excess of Loss, Aggregate Excess Covers Subject to Annual Aggregate Deductibles (AADs), Reinstatement Provisions for AL, WC, and various GL products  • Refined traditional actuarial statistics - loss trends and development factors by line of business  • Incorporated Simulation Modeling techniques into traditional Pricing Models and trained junior actuaries  • Developed new Covers: weather-related investment vehicles involving Puts and Calls  Results:  ❑ Incorporated new techniques to improve accuracy in pricing, especially on "boutique" Covers where methods were sometimes nonexistent  ❑ Kept Actuaries updated regarding changes in business climate to make us more competitive  ❑ Became "go-to" analyst for Non-Standard covers Assistant Vice President JOHNSON & HIGGINS - New York, NY - December 1990 to April 1997 (6 years, 4 months) Member of top sales team to create insurance programs for key Fortune 500 clients  • Advised clients regarding their Insurance or Risk Management Programs  • Researched alternative pricing and reserving methods for clients and markets  • Key team member to coordinate and establish standardized company-wide actuarial tools  Results:  ❑ Top Actuarial Consultant in number of accounts for three consecutive years  ❑ Qualified as Reserve Specialist in Vermont and Bermuda. Education Master of Arts in Mathematics City University of New York Bachelor of Arts in Psychology Southern Connecticut State College Additional Information QUALIFICATIONS  . Actuarial Profit Center Manager: Spot-on pricing, reserving, profitability, and planning of bottom-line results  . Negotiating and Communicating: Timely contact with all professionals on Pricing Team to assure business goals were agreed on and met  . Strong Insurance Pricing: Primary, Excess, Umbrella and Reinsurance Layers: Deductibles, and variations of Excess of Loss: Per Occurrence, Annual Aggregate Deductibles (AADs), Aggregate Loss Ratio Corridors, and Reinstatement Provisions  . Actuarial Pricing Models: Created, maintained, repaired, updated and tested Pricing Models for Primary and Reinsurance Casualty markets, including Loss Experience, Exposure and Simulation Models  . Funding Techniques: Methods included Premium Allocations, Surplus, Loss Portfolio Transfers, Finite Risk, and Retention Analyses along with Net Present Value and Return on Equity features  . Loss Reserve Studies: Used traditional and alternative reserving methods  . Database Skills: Designed, Programmed and Implemented critical information systems.  Examples: Price Monitor and Policy Year Renewal Systems    COMPUTER SKILLS  . Excel with @Risk  . Access Database  . Actuarial Expert Program: CrimCalcIntern at Business Department Intern at Business Department New York, NY - Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Intern at Business Department Sunshine Insurance Group - June 2015 to September 2015 (3 months) • established customer data for chief actuary to create a new product  • Processed insurance sales and requests for insurance claims and set up data set to optimize  services  • Researched on Sunshine Insurance products competitiveness and presented research on written  proposal to improve current products  • Promoted the marketing of proper company products to different client based on their portfolio  • Consulted with client about company business and product  • Guided clients with paperwork on daily basis Intern at Research ＆ Development Department Bank of China, Heilongjiang - CN - December 2014 to January 2015 (1 month) • Created database to achieve loan value for next year  • Expanded five clients for loan service and ten clients for deposit service  • Provided help to research and development department regarding certain economic and financial issue  • Performed data collection, data entry and data analysis  • Coordinated with IT director to manage customer feedback and relationship management  projects  • Analyzed and identified key factors that affected customers' investment decision by using  principle component Audit Assistant Harbin Waste oil recycling Co - June 2013 to August 2013 (2 months) Verified up to 1000 invoices and business transaction receipts monthly to ensure authorization and account accuracy  • Reconciled trial balance with relevant documents and records for payroll accounts  • Dealt with reimbursement issues after claim completely finished  • Maintained and updated corporate accounts and employees database  • Joined conference call with supervisor and company leaders Education Master of Science in mathematics and statistics University at Albany, State University of New York December 2015 Bachelor of Science in Chinese University at Albany, State University of New York December 2013 Additional Information SKILLS  Computer: Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Access, Excel, Outlook, Word), STATA, SASAssociate, Retirement Actuary Associate, Retirement Actuary Astoria, NY - Work Experience Associate, Retirement Actuary Buck Consultants - New York, NY - June 2012 to October 2013 Handle the preparation of valuation data, including receiving and reviewing data from clients to insure internal and year-to-year consistency  • Assist in the preparation of Schedule B's and government filings  • Contact clients regarding data and administrative matters  • Employ ProVal and Excel to generate pension liabilities for projection analysis Actuarial Intern MIB Solutions - New York, NY - November 2011 to May 2012 Assist actuaries in conducting experience studies for the Society of Actuaries  • Utilize Excel pivot tables to summarize data from studies regarding mortality rates and longevity; Link spreadsheets to Access databases or SQL tables  • Analyze data for statistical consistency Education B.S. in Actuarial Science St. John's University, Peter J. Tobin College of Business - New York, NY Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  Windows 7/8/XP, MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), ProVal, Visual BasicAssociate, Retirement Actuary Associate, Retirement Actuary - Buck Consultants Astoria, NY - Work Experience Associate, Retirement Actuary Buck Consultants - New York, NY - June 2012 to Present Handle the preparation of valuation data. Includes receiving and reviewing data from clients to insure internal and year-to-year consistency  Assist in the preparation of Schedule B's and government filings  Contact clients regarding data and administrative matters  Employ ProVal and Excel to generate pension liabilities for projection analysis Actuarial Intern MIB Solutions - New York, NY - November 2011 to May 2012 Assist actuaries in conducting experience studies for the Society of Actuaries  Utilize Excel pivot tables to summarize data from studies regarding mortality rates and longevity; Link spreadsheets to Access databases or SQL tables Education B.S. in Magna St. John's University, Peter J. Tobin College of Business - New York, NY April 2000 to May 2012 Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  Windows 7/XP, MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), ProVal, Visual BasicVice President & Chief Actuary Vice President & Chief Actuary - Equinox Management Group, Inc Easton, CT - Actuary with Marketing, Underwriting and Administration experience in many Life, A&H and P&C lines of business. Experience with Captives from an ownership, formation, and management perspective both domestically and internationally. Experience in Product Development of both insurance policies and reinsurance contracts. Investment Management of Equities, Fixed Income, Real Estate, and Derivative portfolios. Work Experience Vice President & Chief Actuary Equinox Management Group, Inc - Oradell, NJ - 2011 to Present (5 years, 7 months) Responsible for supporting the niche product pricing & reserving, for the following insurance and reinsurance products:  • Excess Medical Reinsurance  • Aggregate Only Stop Loss Policies  • Travel Insurance and Reinsurance  • Legal Access Plans  • Inbound/Outbound Travel Medical  • Personal Accident Reinsurance  • Involuntary Unemployment Insurance  • Auto No-Fault Liability Insurance  • Worker's Compensation Carve-Out Commutations  • Various other accident and health related specialty products    Perform actuarial modeling and analyses to assist in the development of pricing and reserving for all lines of business within the company.    Prepare actuarial memorandums and responses to insurance regulators in tandem with contracts and compliance staff.    Provide mentoring and guidance for actuarial students in relation to pricing and reserve development for all lines of business.    Participate with Senior Leadership Team in strategic planning and setting of goals for the company as a whole. President Easton Insurance Agency, Inc - Easton, CT - 2002 to Present (14 years, 7 months) Created a company to sell medical and life insurance.    • Sold Medical and Life Insurance to various clients.  • Completed administrative work premium and claims administration, financial reporting and reconciliations.  • Invested assets of the company to provide additional income.  • Developed an automated trading program to trade futures in Visual Basic for Applications  • Traded a futures portfolio. Futures were traded as both a hedge for some of the equity positions and also for speculation. Traded currencies, energy, softs, bonds, indexes, grains and metals. Director of Medical Stop Loss & Reinsurance Markel Insurance Company - Shelton, CT - 2010 to 2011 (1 year) Collaborated with external customers in order to maintain and extend existing business relationships  • Responded to all submissions, including renewals in accordance with departmental guidelines  • Identified, developed and maintained key producer relationships    Maintained up-to-date knowledge of underwriting principles, policy coverage options, rating/pricing, and loss exposures through proactive research and continuing education  • Priced complex or specialized risks and maintain profitable book of business  • Provided guidance and took the role of referral underwriter to approve accounts outside of other's authority due to size, risk characteristics, limits, etc.    Analyzed underwriting information to identify trends, inefficiencies in processes, and/or probable solutions to problems/situations.  • Identified and evaluated strengths and weaknesses within our processes and make recommendations to management to improve our execution and position ourselves for long-term growth.  • Stayed abreast of developments and make recommendations for product improvements  • Lead in management of specific product or territory, analyzing product needs based on ongoing competitive analysis, analyzing rate needs and changes, proposing enhancements to product coverage options    As expert in product knowledge, provided guidance and direction for other underwriters who are less experienced  • Lead periodic training seminars in my area of expertise with other underwriters  • Served as lead trainer and mentor for new and less experienced associates  • Served as support person to department head and may provide direction to the underwriting group in the absence of the manager    Responsible for underwriting and pricing of medical stop loss quotes and excess medical reinsurance quotes. From a startup block grew the business to approximately $6 million in annualized premium.  • Upgraded pricing methodologies for both stop loss and reinsurance  • Determined trend assumption for future underwriting years Managing Principal Donnelly Skrtich Underwriters, LLC - Shelton, CT - 1994 to 2010 (16 years) Responsible for managing and developing 3 reinsurance facilities to underwrite and administer Individual and Group Medical, Group Life and Special Risk Reinsurance business on behalf of various reinsurance companies. From a startup grew to premium in excess of $80 million for the largest underwriting year and generated in excess of $10 million in profit commissions from inception.    • Developed pricing for new business quotes for Group Life, Medical, A&H, AD&D, Catastrophe Covers, Personal Accident and Worker's Compensation Reinsurance.  • Developed administration and reporting system to report premium and claims to reinsurers and retrocessionaires.  • Developed and Certified reserves for Life and P&C annual statements.  • Negotiated treaty terms for new business and settlement terms for commutation agreements.  • Managed an investment portfolio of over $20 million for various working funds and investment accounts.  • Researched, selected and purchased stocks and bonds for the investment portfolio.  • Increased premium exposure significantly in the 2000 and 2001 years when there was significant market turmoil in the Stop Loss Market and generated underwriting profits of over 14% on $120 million of premium.  • Decreased premium exposure in subsequent years when pricing was too competitive.  • Successfully transitioned the company from a traditional reinsurance pool to an underwriting and actuarial services company post September 11, 2001.  • Hired and Supervised two employees that worked in Administration and Underwriting.  • Completed all tax forms for required reporting including Forms 1065 and 1120.  • Created a Captive Insurance Company to write reinsurance business generated by Donnelly Skrtich Underwriters.  • Developed reserves for Workers Compensation, Student Accident and Group Life Waiver of Premium claims.  • Developed projections for each of the different lines of business and then combined them for presentation to the Departments of Insurance. Projections included various scenarios and tested the robustness of the investment portfolio and reserve assumptions.  • Developed a sustainable dividend policy based on the projections of the performance of the block of business.  • Performed asset liability matching by making sure that income from assets purchased coincided with payment requirements for both expenses and liabilities.  • Prepared various tax forms for filing with government agencies.  • Developed budgets for a rolling 5-year plan.  • Prepared the Annual Statement for the captive which is similar to the P&C yellow book.  • Hired and replaced when necessary support services for the captive including captive managers, auditors, actuarial services, underwriting services.  • Monitored changes in tax legislation to fully take advantage of new rules. Assistant Group Actuary Life Reassurance Corporation - Stamford, CT - 1992 to 1994 (2 years) Responsible for pricing of all group reinsurance new business. Lines included Group Life, Medical Stop Loss Reinsurance and various Special Risk products.    • Developed pricing and reserving for group reinsurance new business.  • Implemented new programs to increase efficiency. Programs were written in Foxpro, APL, and Lotus 123. Actuarial Student Mercantile & General, plc - Toronto, ON - 1987 to 1992 (5 years) Started as an actuarial co-op student where the scheduled rotated from 4 months of school to 4 months of work for 5 years. Completed 8 work terms within the Bachelor of Mathematics Co-Op program. Worked in various departments including the Individual Life Actuarial Department and Group Actuarial Department.    • Completed several projects to automate both the administration and reserving for various group lines of business.  • Assisted in the preparation of YRT, Universal Life and all Group reserves for financial statements  • Performed Profit Commission calculations for various treaties    Current Board Positions and Ownership Interests  Owner, Easton Insurance Agency, Inc. a Connecticut-domiciled company that consults and produces on behalf of Taurus Insurance Company    Owner, Taurus Insurance Company a South Carolina based captive insurance company that reinsurers various Life and Personal Accident products Education Associate of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries 2012 Actuarial Science University of Waterloo - Waterloo, ON 1991Senior Actuary Casualty Senior Actuary Casualty - New York State Insurance Fund Bronx, NY - Work Experience Senior Actuary Casualty New York State Insurance Fund - January 2009 to Present (7 years, 7 months) The NYSIF with assets of US$ 17 billions is the biggest worker's compensation insurance in New York with over 50% of the market share. Calculated Reserves for ATF (Aggregated Trust Fund) on monthly basis. Programmed and updated code in VBA for reserve calculation and present values of awards according to the Worker's Compensation Law of NY, using conjoint probability, actuarial mathematics and survival modeling. Programmed Actuarial Tables fro workers' comp. Calculations of Lump Sum, Present Value Awards, Payments in advance and deductions, Interest calculations. Calculation of Loss Liability Triangles (design of spreadsheets). Prepared different reports for Auditors and Consultants (Tower Watson). Adjunt Instructor for course Mat 215 -Statistics Berkely College - March 2015 to June 2015 (3 months) 2) Mat 215 - Statistics, (1) Mat 212 - Mathematics with Business Applications (Fall 2015), (2) Mat 215 - Statistics (Winter 2016). Computer / Spanish Instructor Purchase College - Purchase, NY - July 2004 to December 2009 (5 years, 5 months) Part Time): Taught Excel, Photoshop, Ms Office and business applications: Pivot Tables, Filters, Reports, Graphics. Taught Spanish. Robotics instructor for Summer 09. Consultant - Actuarial VBA NY Manhattan NY Pfizer Pharmaceutical - January 2006 to December 2008 (2 years, 11 months) Created and programmed a Pricing model for new medicines in the European Market using PDF for drugs estimated from trials, risk sharing scheme, Monte Carlo simulation and project evaluation, using Excel VBA and Finance.  • Stratolab LLC: Developed business and Marketing plan for a robotic institute in Manhattan. Day to day accounting: Generated financial statements, A/P, A/R, vendors administration, marketing, pricing new services.    • New York Compensation Rating Board: Audited program for Rate-Making in Access/SQL, revision of algorithms to calculate premiums (Classification Experience). Created software manual explaining queries and tables. Suggested improvements to the tool.    • Purchase College / Upward Bound Program: Created a program in SQL for student administration and federal reports generation. Prepared annual federal report using Access: entering information regarding students: High School or College grades, various quantitative or qualitative indicators, auditing the consistency of the information in the whole report.  • Rockland Independent Living Center - Circulo de la Hispanidad: As Finance Director; Managed day to day financial operations, created budget, oversees all accounting process: A/P, A/R, Journals, P&L and Balance Reports, Banks, Payroll. Negotiated with vendors and managers from funding sources. Successfully submitted grants for 2 millions for the organization (Circulo). Marketing Actuarial - 2007 to 2007 (1 month) Modeling using Survival curves for population: Makehan model, joint probability: Commutation tables for: Annuities, endowment used for valuation of pensions using Workers' Comp. Law (widows and n lives). Callculated reserves for Aggregated Trust Fund. Triangles calculations, including a menu for user (in VBA) to modify formulas and easy access to exhibits., Present values of awards, interest calculations and other. Advanced modeling using random variables (prob. distribution functions) and algorithms in vba.  • Programming experience: Expert user in Excel, and Microsoft office 2003 - 2007. Advanced user of databases in SQL - Access. Expert user of VBA for Excel (coding macros): Debugging programs, loops, conditional commands, customized forms, developing of algorithms. Programming of random variables generators, Monte-Carlo simulation. Upgrading models in excel. Writing "User Manuals" for internal applications in VBA or SQL. Auditing algorithms and proposing of improvements. Experience in other computer languages (old): Pascal, Fortran, Fortran 77, databases: Foxpro, Foxplus. Ability to write requirements for programmers and proposal of improvements for users.  • Finance - Accounting: Experience in day to day finance: General ledger, banks administration, lines of credit, preparation of report for auditors, backups, voucher, account payable, account receivables, payroll. Preparation of financial statements: Balance, Profit and loss. Financial Analysis: Variance analysis, budget reports, allocation of expenses, direct and indirect expenses, Cost by center of results, cost analysis. Experience using GAAP. Forecasting of economic indicators: Inflation, GDP, Penetration rates for new products. Financial Analysis: Industry ratios, financial statements, cash flows analysis.  • Marketing: Competitive analysis, pricing products. Modeling market share expected, analysis of distribution channels, new products development. Managerial experience for teams up to 50 employees. Underwriter Purchase College - White Plains, NY - September 2004 to January 2006 (1 year, 4 months) Provided client services to various brokers in the country, Applied underwriting guidelines to ensure loans and complying with regulations, Wired Funds for Loan Operations to different states. Outstanding production among the company reaching until ten times the average of the team per day (over 2 million per day). Customer Service Manager Mortgage bank Hipotecaria - September 2000 to April 2002 (1 year, 7 months) Audited company systems: Improved Algorithms. Priced Bonds. Supervised the Operation and Monitored Systems Integration. Developed financial reports Programmed application for bonds and finance modeling. Managed contracts with vendors for new services: webpage, call center, banks and collection companies. In charge of the development of a new Call Center, workflows and systems. Economic and Tariff Evaluation Manager CL - April 1997 to August 2000 (3 years, 4 months) Worked actively in Marketing Plan and Business Plan for investment of US$300 millions, increased the market share of the company from 0% to 40% in two years. Prepared rates, tariffs and new plans and analysis with prices from industry. Proposed new wireless services. Programmed financial models. Performed sales projections, macroeconomic evaluations and market share expected. Credit and Loan Manager - Admission Manager - Analyst Hospital SBA - CL - August 1994 to April 1997 (2 years, 8 months) Created a new Credit and Loan Department. Wrote the manual of procedures. Developed computer requirements for a collection computer system: Created algorithms, workflows for programming, Analysis of the system. Interviewed and hired personnel: Programmer and administrative personnel. As Admission Manager, in charge of a team of 50 employees for primary attention, scheduling appointments. Solving day to day administration problems, testing new computer system for admission. As Analyst in charge of System of Information for Hospital. Analyzed cost per center of results, cost per product. Programmed system to calculate cost in personnel. Different analysis are requested for administration. Planning and Control Analyst CCAF Valles - CL - June 1992 to May 1994 (1 year, 11 months) Prepared annual Budget, Variance Analysis, Revenues and expenses analysis. Financial analysis, Audit, and financial Models. Programmed financial applications in macros in Lotus 123. Education Saint John University - New York, NY December 2006 to March 2009 Bachelor in Mathematics Catholic University of Chile Master in Finance University of Chile Additional Information Skills: Expert Excel/VBA Macros, Word, PowerPoint, and Access. Programmer Pascal, Fortran, Visual basic, HTML, SQL, FOX pro, FOX plus, Empower, Photoshop, Python. Bilingual: Spanish / English. Basic knowledge of QuickBooks.  Other: Pioneer in the Actuarial field in Chile (first Chilean in the Actuarial Path), Included Chile as center of examinations for SOA and Casact. Advised the PUC (Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Chile) in the creation of the first program for graduated students in Actuarial Sciences: Master in Actuarial Sciences.Jr Pension Actuary Jr Pension Actuary - Chernoff Diamond Kings Park, NY - Work Experience Jr Pension Actuary Chernoff Diamond - Uniondale, NY - August 2014 to Present (2 years) • Prepare actuarial valuation reports, benefit calculations and government reporting forms •  • Analyze and reconcile plan participant data as well as preform non-discrimination testing•  • Passed Society of Actuaries examinations parts 1-3 covering a range of mathematical disciplines Credit Analyst Condor Capital - Hauppauge, NY - May 2013 to May 2014 (1 year) • Made credit approval decisions for auto loans and negotiated contract terms with car dealerships  • Reduced delinquency rates by over 25% by analyzing 5 year payment data and developing new program guidelines  • Offered promotion to relocate with the company to Florida• Tutor University at Buffalo Tutoring Program - Buffalo, NY - December 2012 to May 2013 (5 months) • Taught students material in 11 different math, statistics, finance and economics related courses   • Acquired certification through the College Reading and Learning Association as a tutor • Teaching Assistant (Unpaid) University at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY - August 2012 to December 2012 (4 months) • Taught calculus to 60 students 4 times each week   • Received offers from students for independent tutoring jobs • Education B.S in Mathematics University at Buffalo, The State University of New York - Buffalo, NY 2013 Skills Proficient in Excel and Access. Knowledgeable in VBA, SQL and SASConsulting Actuary - Reinsurance Pricing Consulting Actuary - Reinsurance Pricing Brewster, NY - Work Experience Consulting Actuary - Reinsurance Pricing Tokio Millennium Re. Ltd - November 2012 to January 2013 Responsible for pricing, peer review, and documentation of new and renewal property/casualty reinsurance contracts. Work also involved review and modification of generic Excel-based pricing model, as needed, to deal with specific contract features not addressed in the model. Also assisted in contract design and pricing of a large-scale loss portfolio transfer of reserves from a company exiting the market. Senior Vice President and Chief Actuarial Officer Berkley Risk Solutions - Greenwich, CT - August 2003 to June 2012 Responsible for all pricing and reserving decisions for this provider of reinsurance solutions for insurance companies, risk retention groups, and self-insured entities. Duties include reviewing broker submissions, product design, pricing, negotiation, and administration, as well as establishing and monitoring the reserves and runoff results of the book of reinsurance and deposit-accounted business. All casualty lines of business considered, with a special emphasis on workers' compensation and medical malpractice. Developed an enhanced profitability model for structured reinsurance, including a return-on-economic-capital module, and the inclusion of expected reinsurer deficit (ERD) as an additional risk transfer metric. Deputy Underwriter, Senior Vice President and Chief Actuary Bermuda Monetary Authority - Stamford, CT - July 1990 to August 2003 Cologne Re Managers and Cologne Reinsurance Company of America, Stamford, Connecticut. Deputy Underwriter, Senior Vice President and Chief Actuary. Responsible for pricing and reserving treaty reinsurance contracts covering casualty lines of business including auto and other liability, workers' compensation, and medical malpractice. Responsibilities also include contract design, pricing, and communication with brokers and cedants. Designed a model used to measure profitability of structured reinsurance contracts under varying aggregate size of loss and payout timing assumptions. Adapted the model to calculate risk-transfer metrics including the 10-10 test, and tail value at risk (TVaR). Issued the actuarial reserve opinion for Cologne Reinsurance Company of America and served as Loss Reserve Specialist, as designated and approved by the Bermuda Monetary Authority, for GeneralCologne Re (Bermuda), Ltd., an affiliated company. New York. Assistant Vice President and Actuary Christiania General Insurance Corporation of New York - New York, NY - November 1987 to July 1990 Served in the role of Chief Actuary, having pricing and reserving responsibilities, for this property and casualty reinsurance company. Served on the due diligence team in the successful acquisition of a property and casualty reinsurance affiliate. Assistant Secretary General Reinsurance Corporation - Stamford, CT - December 1979 to November 1987 Served consecutively in the roles of reserving analyst and manager of treaty pricing, in the latter role having supervisory authority over twelve rate analysts. Also served as actuarial member of the Workers Compensation Task Force, a strategy-setting group for the company's extensive treaty excess workers compensation book of business, and the Loss Development Group, which was charged with determining the acceptability of account-specific loss reserving for individual casualty treaty accounts. Education Master of Business Administration in Finance Pace University, Lubin School of Business Bachelor of Science in Mathematics Mercy CollegeActuary Science AssociaLon Member Actuary Science AssociaLon Member East Elmhurst, NY - I am a persistent individual who can pick up new activities right away. My character shows that I am  eager to display imaginative qualities and I am able to listen to authority while having many leadership  experiences. I am also unselfish and a great team player. I go into every situation thinking that if I put my mind  fully into my work I can do anything. My rewards clearly demonstrate the work I put into any given situation.  I have experiences in hospitality and also in the office; but I can put my full effort in every direction I am given  a chance to go. Work Experience Actuary Science AssociaLon Member - 2011 to 2013 Math Club Member - 2011 to 2013 Busser/Runner Veslo - Astoria, NY - December 2010 to December 2012 I began working at Veslo, a Croatian restaurant, from its opening day and grew with the restaurant as it  was developing.    • Because of this I was a reliable co-worker in a fast pace establishment.    • Others looked to me for help.    • I did my job to the fullest and I helped others do theirs. Intern/Clerk Aflac - Astoria, NY - August 2010 to December 2010 I was responsible for using resume browsers/software to reach qualified candidates by calling and using email.    • I scheduled interviews according to the district sales coordinator's schedule.    • Furthermore, I assisted with other sales representatives with creating flyers, packets, and the use of computer software.    • From the internship, I now have knowledge of insurance plans and which I used to aid policy holders with their problems.  2 NaLonal Honors Society, Member - 2008 to 2009 Italian Honors Society, Member - 2008 to 2009 Chief Squire - 2008 to 2009 Education Bachelor of Arts and Science in Actuarial Science City University of New York - Baruch College - New York, NY June 2013 Additional Information SKILLS & INTERESTS    - Technical Skills: Systems: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Mac OS X, & C++  - Applications: Microsoft Office, Adobe Illustrator, Talent Hook, Parallel, wxDev-C++Actuary and Finance Intern Program Actuary and Finance Intern Program East Northport, NY - Work Experience Actuary and Finance Intern Program Travelers Insurance - New York, NY - June 2010 to August 2010 (2 months) • Developed loss triangles to distinguish between observed data and forecasted data  • Analyzed large losses to gain an understanding of the frequency and severity of large auto, premises, and products losses over $1M  • Performed an analysis of ULAE reserves  • Created and revised financial workbooks by updating archived spreadsheets with current formulas  • Uploaded aggregate and large loss data for future analysis  • Created companywide surveys and analyzed the results  • Charged with inputting data and calculating formulas to create pivot tables that were used for analysis in the excess casualty department Pharmaceutical Technician Assistant Town Drugs - Northport, NY - December 2009 to February 2010 (2 months) • Maintained a high level of customer service  • Prepared end of the day financial summaries and maintained up to date books  • Maintained customer's records and insurance information  • Assisted in the filling and refilling of prescriptions North Fork Bank Internship Savings Funds, and Money Markets - Huntington, NY - June 2008 to August 2008 (2 months) NY  • Knowledgeable in opening CD's, Savings Funds, and Money Markets  • Efficiently handled customer finances with excellence in customer service Education Bachelors of Science in Business Management Merrimack College - North Andover, MA May 2011 Skills Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Visual Studio, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Dreamweaver.Vice President, Category Development/Product Management Vice President, Product Marketing, Program Management Darien, CT - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Vice President, Category Development/Product Management MASTERCARD INTERNATIONAL - 2010 to 2015 (5 years) Drove strategic initiatives, product creation and revitalization efforts to improve performance of product portfolio. Launched  new card products and insurance benefits, created new revenue opportunities to drive sales, targeting 3-5% GDV growth.  • Impacted 200MM+ cards through development and implementation of new ID Theft benefit. Led global RFP,  effectively communicating with key stakeholders across the organization, including executive management.  • Reached 42MM affluent cardholders through the design and deployment of the new benefit through multi-channel distribution. Deployed two new web sites as well as mobile. Structured and led cross-discipline team; marketing, technology, web design, product(s), legal, third party service provider, call center.  • Created, tested and successfully implemented new transaction based travel insurance product.  • Developed and lead research project to identify high value features and benefits for the Small Business product. Leveraging research findings, designed, sourced and launched new Small Business benefit bundles, focusing on  APR, annual fee, cash back rewards. Worked closely with two issuers on Small Business product launches.  • Managed $26MM+ North American insurance program. Direct P&L responsibility with oversight of two underwriters, third party actuary, third party claims center, two insurance brokers, multiple service providers. Product Marketing MASTERCARD INTERNATIONAL - Purchase, NY - 2002 to 2015 (13 years) Vice President, Risk Management and Vendor Compliance MASTERCARD INTERNATIONAL - 2008 to 2009 (1 year) Successfully managed performance and risk across diverse set of insurance underwriters and service providers to achieve highest level of customer satisfaction while adhering to strict compliance requirements in highly regulated product category.  • Achieved 35% increase in customer satisfaction scores. Led Six-Sigma task force, identifying opportunity to change underwriting criteria, shortening insurance claim life-cycle through reduced submission requirements.  • Captured $5MM savings in year one and realized a 25% reduction in overall program loss cost through implementation of new loss control measures in supply chain command.  • Reduced new product implementation time by six full months with new technology integration. Enabled immediate coverage verification through web service platform.  • Lead global contract administration. Insured 100% risk and regulatory compliance across multiple countries.  Designed single customer experience and claims reporting across products, countries and regions. Vice President, Partner Development and Sales MASTERCARD INTERNATIONAL - 2002 to 2007 (5 years) Created new International business model that established first for-profit program within MasterCard Cardholder Solutions.  End-to-end responsibility for driving sales at the executive, C-suite level; structured and implemented a customized product  set and customer experience that drove repeat usage and built brand equity.  • Prospected and initiated sales meetings with issuing bank Division Presidents (Card and Insurance) in the LAC and APAC regions. Successfully sold concept of three-party marketing program to multiple clients.  • Sold to the Global Bank's Insurance Lead, a regional program (four markets, three supplemental insurance products) that generated new GDV of $142MM in year one.  • Created, implemented programs that delivered against customer's strategic objectives; card activation, usage, retention, incremental GDV, cost containment. Partnered with cross-functional team in development and implementation of key strategies that drove market penetration and growth in assigned market segments.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 'd.) Vice President, Product Marketing CENDENT CORPORATION - Norwalk, CT - 2000 to 2001 (1 year) Product Marketing Vice President, New Product Development - Auto, Leisure & eBusiness Internet and eCommerce - 2000 to 2001 (1 year) Initial role was eCommerce Lead for the Auto & Leisure Product group. Promoted to role as Primary Liaison between CEO and all Product Groups to oversee and lead Internet and eCommerce development. Vice President, New Product Development and eBusiness CHASE MANHATTAN BANK - 1998 to 2000 (2 years) Initial assignment to relaunch the Small Business product including new product creation, product concept,  pricing and financial validation, creation of acquisition scoring model, repricing of existing portfolio.  • Lead and managed a staff of 17 across four New Product Development teams; Market Research, Product Development, Product Launch and Implementation, Product Management.  • Primary liaison between Card Unit and Corporate Bank for development of Chase.com functionality.  • Identified and constructed core functionality for CCS on Chase.com in support of developing eCommerce  Strategies: On-line card issuance, Internet account access, Electronic wallet, Web page design. vice President, New Product Development CHASE MANHATTAN BANK - New York, NY - 1994 to 2000 (6 years) Vice President, Director of Strategic Planning CHASE MANHATTAN BANK - 1997 to 1998 (1 year) • Established effective working relationships with Division Executives, Channel Management, Marketing and Finance to maximize insurance penetration and revenues by customer segment.  • Identified customer segments across individual business units - Mortgage, DDA and Debit, Auto and Small  Business - to develop and market relevant product sets - Travel, AD&D, Credit. Vice President, Business Line Manager CHASE MANHATTAN BANK - 1995 to 1997 (2 years) • Responsible for the largest P&L in the Insurance division, contributing $380MM+ commission revenue annually.  • Managed all aspects of credit insurance program: contract negotiation, business planning, underwriting, filing and compliance, customer acquisition and retention programs, and customer experience and satisfaction policies.  • Initiated regression based models to improve financial impact of telemarketing and direct mail programs, reducing expenses and increasing premiums.  • Led development efforts for Hong Kong and Mexico markets: managed existing products, sourced and implemented new direct response insurance programs. Sourced mandatory products in compliance with Mexican insurance law. Second Vice President, Senior Product Manager CHASE MANHATTAN BANK - 1994 to 1995 (1 year) • Restructured customer service policy to achieve 28% increase in retention and reduce premium refunds by 50%, resulting in a targeted savings of $2 million to the Bank.  • Supervised out-bound telemarketing program utilizing multiple outside vendors. Reduced cost-per-sale by 41% within first quarter. Fielded new scoring model that increased sales conversion by 50%. Account Supervisor FOOTE, CONE & BELDING - New York, NY - 1992 to 1994 (2 years) AT&T - Consumer Long Distance, True Rewards Loyalty Program  Account Supervisor, RJR Nabisco - Winston Cup Series Loyalty Program  Account Supervisor, Northwest Airlines - WorldPerks Loyalty Program Account Supervisor, American Express - Cardmember Marketing OGILVY & MATHER DIRECT - New York, NY - 1989 to 1992 (3 years) Account Executive, American Express - Personal Card Acquisition Education MBA in Marketing The University of Houston Bachelor of Science in Advertising The University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/pfairleigh Additional Information ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS AND INTERESTS    Property and Casualty Insurance Producer, State of Connecticut New Covenant Food Bank and Soup Kitchen, Stamford, CT Organize and Participate in Food Drives, Pantry Inventory and Distribution, Meal Prep and Service 2015 to present AmeriCares; Annual MasterCard project volunteer - camp revitalization, facilities improvements, 2002 - 2007 Habitat for Humanity; various projects around the NYC area 2008 - 2014 Coach; Darien Youth Softball Leagues, 2005 - 2011Director, Corporate Accounting Director, Corporate Accounting - EmblemHealth East Williston, NY - Work Experience Director, Corporate Accounting EmblemHealth - New York, NY - March 2011 to Present • Trained, developed and mentored a staff of 15 professionals. Ensure the proper completion of journal entries, account reconciliations and variance analyses in accordance with US GAAP and company policies.  • Responsible for the accounting functions related to capitation payments, fixed assets, cash, prepaids, compensation and benefits, leases, taxes, investments and subsidiary accounting.  • Identified and implemented automation and other process improvements in order to streamline the monthly close process and to ensure compliance with corporate policy and SOX controls.  • Recruited, mentored and developed a highly motivated team. Implemented job rotation and telecommuting programs to attract and retain high-performing staff.  • Researched accounting guidance and assess the applicability to the company, as needed, to ensure compliance with GAAP.  • Oversaw SOX compliance for the corporate accounting functions and maintained SOX narratives and certain policies and procedures.  • Coordinated with other corporate groups, including budget/forecasting, actuary, billing/claims, facilities, treasury, human resources, and provider relations to analyze trends and budget variances, implement processes for new products/services, and to support corporate initiatives to identify opportunities for growth in the markets it serves and in reducing the costs to provide quality healthcare in a changing environment. Manager Corporate Accounting - June 2009 to March 2011 • Supervised staff of 8 in the monthly financial close process. Responsible for the realignment of responsibilities and cross-training of staff to address close-critical bottlenecks.  • Responsible for all of the corporate accounting functions related to fixed assets, prepaids, compensation and benefits, leases, taxes, investments and subsidiary accounting. Audit Manager Deloitte & Touche LLP - New York, NY - December 2003 to June 2009 • Performed financial statement audit services, and managed audit engagement teams for both public and private clients in the Financial Services industry (primary client was Morgan Stanley). Additional clients include Gain Capital and Louis Capital Markets, LP.  • Assisted client in the preparation of various SEC required filings, including Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and S-1.  • Researched complex accounting issues to ensure accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).  • Responsible for the budgeting and billing on various audit engagements.  • Interviewed client senior management to gain an understanding of their business and the controls over their financial reporting process.  • Maintained open communication with client contacts on a daily basis.  • Trained, developed, counseled and guided the junior members of the staff.  • Facilitated various Deloitte & Touche audit trainings.  • Acted as a counselor to numerous new hires through their years with the firm. Bear Stearns - New York, NY - June 2001 to December 2003 Sarbanes-Oxley Implementation Team (June 2003 - December 2003)  • Assisted in the readiness project which prepared Bear Stearns for compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  • Worked through preparation of matrices documenting the control environment of various business cycles. Controllers Analyst Program Bear Stearns - June 2001 to June 2003 Participated in a training program consisting of 4 six month rotations exposing the analysts to various aspects of both accounting and finance.  • Exposed to billing of clearance accounting, balance sheet reporting, fixed income profit/loss reconciliation, and the support group of investment banking. Education Loyola College of Maryland - Baltimore, MD May 2001 Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting Sellinger S.J. School of Business & ManagementExecutive Assistant Executive Assistant Mount Vernon, NY - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Executive Assistant Willis Towers Watson - New York, NY - 2015 to Present ❑ Support and assist 17 Consultants of various levels in the NY Retirement Line of Business on a day to day basis.  ❑ All domestic and international travel arrangements for my supports, through Concur.  ❑ All expense reports for my supports, in Oracle Expense Tool, a Willis Towers Watson priority product.  ❑ Maintain calendars for several of my Senior Consultants on a day to day basis.  ❑ I have completed and helped with RFP's.  ❑ Rebranded documents per the companies new Branding Guidelines.  ❑ Ordered all office supplies from an outside vendor including but not limited to paper, beverages and food items.  ❑ Coordinated all off and on premise events for conferences, client lunches, client dinners and company sponsored offsite events.  ❑ Liaison between Actuary and the client were needed  ❑ Attended accounting meetings on accounts as directed by management on delinquent accounts.  ❑ Attended People Manager Monthly meetings to take notes.  ❑ Supported the team in all other areas as directed by the Senior Consultant. Administrative Assistant / Administrative Assistant Manager Aon Hewitt - New York, NY - 2008 to 2015 ❑ Manager to a team of ten (10) administrative assistants who support the various practices with in our organization.  ❑ Support and assist 4 Managing Partners, in the Sales and Accounts Practice on a day to day basis.  ❑ Assist Senior Management in 12 practices across the organization locally and globally.  ❑ All domestic and international travel arrangements for the Northeast Region, through Concur.  ❑ Also worked with the CIBT to arrange all VISA's, doctor appointments and passports for all international travel.  ❑ All expense reports for the department in Aon's Expense Tool, a PeopleSoft product.  ❑ Maintained departmental calendar for all appointments and meetings for the Sales and Accounts Practice on a daily basis.  ❑ Ordered all office supplies from an outside vendor including but not limited to paper, beverages and food items.  ❑ Coordinated all off and on premise events for conferences, client lunches, client dinners and company sponsored offsite events from 50 to 1000 attendees. Including location selection, hotel and ground transportation reservations, full meeting coordination including breakfast, lunch and dinner arrangements. Prepare and distribute handouts and presentation materials. Complete meeting invoice reconciliation  ❑ Provide administrative support during conferences and routine meetings; such tasks include setting up teleconferences, preparation of meeting material, badges, surveys, rosters, etc.  ❑ Supported the team in all other areas as directed by the Managing Partner.  ❑ Rebranded documents per the companies new Branding Guidelines.  ❑ Helped with the Integration of large fortune 500 companies to our organization  ❑ Onboard all new employees across the organization, ie. Office/cubicle, phone, computer equipment, orientation, credit card, phones  ❑ Special ad-hoc projects such as creation and maintenance of a network offshore shared drive, for local networks for colleagues located in Bangalore, India, integration of Microsoft Outlook BPOS Suite to the NY Region, created and maintain all email distribution list in MS Outlook for the North Region. Senior Underwriting Assistant Allied World Assurance Company U.S., Inc - New York, NY - 2005 to 2007 ❑ Assistant to all Vice Presidents of the Global Casualty Lines of Business for the US, Bermuda, London and Dublin Offices, in all aspects needed or directed by the Senior Vice President of Global Casualty on a day to day basis.  ❑ All domestic and international travel arrangements and expense reports for the AVP and above.  ❑ Maintained Microsoft Outlook Calendar for all appointments and meetings for the Global Casualty Division on a daily basis for Vice President's and above.  ❑ Worked directly with all Reinsurance Companies within our treaty on an accounting and reporting basis.  ❑ Coordinated all off premise events for conferences, client lunches, client dinners and company sponsored offsite events.  ❑ Liaison between broker and underwriting team in the casualty lines of business, with a specialty in the following lines of business- truckers, tough products, and pharmaceutical's and contract construction.  ❑ Researched renewal and new prospects utilizing DNB (Dun & Bradstreet) and other resources at hand.  ❑ Supported the team in all other areas as directed by the Senior Vice President Underwriter. Senior Underwriting Assistant for the Excess Liability Division Admiral Insurance Company - Stamford, CT - 2004 to 2005 ❑ Liaison between broker and underwriting team in the property and casualty lines of business, with a specialty in the following lines of business- truckers, pharmaceuticals and contract construction.  ❑ Researched renewal and new prospects utilizing DNB (Dun & Bradstreet) and other resources at hand.  ❑ Processed all policies and endorsements for the team through an out sourced service center.  ❑ Processed all policies and endorsements for new and existing clients for the team of underwriters'.  ❑ All travel arrangements and expense accounts for the Assistant Secretary and above within my department being domestic or international. Marketing Assistant for the Primary Liability Department General Star Management - Stamford, CT - 2001 to 2004 ❑ Liaison between broker and underwriting team in the casualty lines of business, with a specialty in cosmetics, environmental, clinical trials/ biotech, auto parts, amusement devices, special events, valet parking services, auto repossession, and rock climbing gyms.  ❑ Researched renewal and new prospects utilizing DNB (Dun & Bradstreet) and other resources at hand. Processed all policies and endorsements for the team through an out sourced service center.  ❑ Processed all policies and endorsements for new and existing clients for the team of underwriters.  ❑ Attended accounting meetings on accounts, as directed by the Senior Underwriter, on delinquent accounts.  ❑ Ordered all office supplies from an outside vendor including but not limited to paper, beverages and food items.  ❑ Coordinated all off premise events for conferences, client lunches, client dinners and company sponsored offsite events.  ❑ All travel arrangements and expense accounts for the Assistant Secretary and above within my department being domestic or international.  ❑ Supported the team in all other areas as directed by the Senior Underwriter.  ❑ Suggested new products that increased earnings by 23%. Bookkeeper/ Office Manager The Fountainhead - New Rochelle, NY - 1998 to 2004 ❑ Provide general administrative support for CEO including bookkeeping.  ❑ Manage and oversee event sales and contracts.  ❑ Record and account for the incoming and outgoing monies.  ❑ Timely and precise financial reporting.  ❑ Manage and compose email communication and correspondence.  ❑ Oversee daily operations of the property. Education Hospitality Management Monroe College - Bronx, NY 2010 to Present Restaurant Management State University of New York - Valhalla, NY 1995 to 1997 Business Management / Computer Science University of North Carolina - Charlotte, NC 1992 to 1995 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Peoplesoft (9 years), Oracle (5 years), Salesforce.com (10+ years), Sharepoint (8 years), Lotus Notes (10+ years) Additional Information Skills:  Proficient in Microsoft Programs such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Front Page, Publisher, Access, Visio, Projects, and One Note, Genius, AS400, ADP, Peachtree, Lotus 123, Lotus Notes, Concur Travel System, PeopleSoft, Oracle, Share Point, Salesforce.com and various other programs. 65wpm, 10K Touch.Club Member Club Member - Actuarial Science Society Elmhurst, NY - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Club Member Actuarial Science Society - New York, NY - October 2014 to Present (1 year, 10 months) Participated in workshops and information sessions involving actuarial science  • Formed study groups to review for actuary exams Club Member Economics Club - Tallahassee, FL - January 2014 to May 2014 (4 months) Expanded economic knowledge through staff and students  • Scheduled monthly lectures with notable economic figures (e.g. James Gwartney)  • Raised over $2000 by assisting weekly fundraisers for club funds St. Bartholomew Church - Elmhurst, NY - November 2007 to June 2013 (5 years, 7 months) Performed biweekly altar service for local community church  • Guided over 50 new altar servers to follow necessary procedures  • Assessed any unknown situations and acted accordingly to prevent disturbances  SKILLS  • Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point  • Conversational in Tagalog  • Buying and selling vintage shoes Camp Counselor 14th Street Y - New York, NY - June 2011 to 2013 (1 year, 7 months) Counseled 7 kids daily for 12 weeks by adhering to program guidelines  • Collaborated with more than 70 counselors to facilitate camp activities  • Responsible for delivering equipment throughout campsite  EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Education Bachelor of Science in Finance Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL August 2013 to May 2014 Diploma Manhattan Center - New York, NY June 2013 Bachelor of Business Administration in Statistics Baruch College - New York, NYChief actuary Tenafly, NJ - Work Experience Chief actuary AIA SingaporeSenior Project Manager, Macmillan, New York, NY Project Manager- Stream Lead Finance / BI / Data New York, NY - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager, Macmillan, New York, NY Macmillan Publishers Ltd - New York, NY - November 2015 to Present (9 months) • Managing overall coordination of IT/ SAP projects, from planning through implementation.  • Set project scope, priorities, deadlines and deliverable schedules.  • Facilitating discussions and consensus among various project stakeholders, project sponsors, and developers.  • Managing and monitoring project budgets and expenditures  • Developing forecasts for estimate of completion   • Creating project charters and project plans  • Organizing and run steering committee meetings to provide management oversight and guidance to the project team.  • Conduct resource requirements analysis and scheduling, including estimated project work effort for both internal and consulting resources  • Directing and guide business, technical and 3rd party solution provider resources.  • Performing status reporting  • Monitoring project activities ensuring the quality and integrity of the information Project Manager- Stream Lead Finance / BI / Data Nespresso (Nestlé) - New York, NY - January 2015 to October 2015 (9 months) Driving and leading the Change- Transformation and Risk Management process for the US market  • Actively participating in Business Transformation Program for SAP international Roll-in Implementation Project  • Ensured SAP implementation best practices throughout the life cycle including business process reengineering and solution blueprint  • Leading Finance, BI and Data stream within a matrix project set-up, managing and providing guidance to a team of 10 members  • Establishing PMO (cross-functional) to support executive and management team  • Lead cross-functional teams to scope, design, and implement successful concepts and requirements manage deliverables up to the Mancom to make sure the Sign Off Process will be succeeded  • Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design new processes and practices to drive scalable innovation across the business  • Responsible for portfolio management of business applications projects and IS Support, i.e. Nessoft and Cognos IS Project Manager Hermes of Paris - New York, NY - July 2014 to January 2015 (6 months) Led overall planning, management, execution and budget controlling for Corporate IT projects and Store applications, such as new store openings and POS / store mobile applications  • Provided leadership and proactively participated in meeting for project scope definition, created and managed project plans and work-breakdown-structures  • Managed project roles, identified resource and business requirements, training needs, defined project deliverables, ensured quality assurance and customer satisfaction  • Established reporting structures and ensured projects adhering internal quality standards.  • Initiated, planned and set up PMO and introduced general approach for IT infrastructure project  • Actively managed system development lifecycle process. Identified opportunities to integrate systems and resources to fulfill project requirements. Ensured effective communications and relationships between internal employees, project team members and stakeholders Director SAP Business Support, Finance Rieter AG - New York, NY - August 2013 to November 2013 (3 months) Responsibilities  • Led the global SAP Finance operation support team of 15 members with direct reporting to CIO  • Understanding of intercompany processes with integration with, MM, PP and SD   • Built Global Support Organization for Switzerland, Germany, China and India  • Provided lead consulting and SAP Project Management, coordinate and work with cross-functional teams.  • Support the development and executing unit testing, integration and regression testing (build test cases, perform tests, make changes to configuration or processes based on results)  • Hands on configuration experience with FI, HR and CO Senior Business Consultant / Application Architect, Finance & Actuary SwissLife AG - Zürich, ZH - July 2011 to July 2013 (2 years) Manage the new Finance Architecture / Transformation Program, participating in STC meetings  • Helped the management team to build a business architecture strategy around the company's products and services.  • Run strategic implementation projects with SAP VIM, HCM and ICM in parallel  • New GL, PoC of running business process and monthly closing/ year end closing  • Simplified and improved monthly/ year end closing process through new GL, real-time reconciliation of Management Accounting (CO) and Financial Accounting (FI)  • Reduce costs and increase profitability by organizing and automating business processes that nurture customer relationships and satisfaction across all interactions - marketing, sales, and customer service, with Microsoft Dynamics CRM solutions  • AP operations across the enterprise through VIM integration with SAP ERP, driven and actively participated in full cycle SAP VIM implementation, defined end-to-end Vendor Invoice Managed process from procurement, supply management to Open Text integration and OCR module  • Developed and managed the execution of the program governance and accountable for Program Plans, prioritization and execution.  • Support the whole Finance Division Switzerland with project planning and plans execution.  • Preparing presentations like Steering Committees and support the underlying projects.  • Major ACCOMPLISHMENTS: Improved customer satisfaction ratings by 75% by implementing a new mobile APP for click and trade financial products. Swiss Life improved competitiveness by using analytical CRM. Awarded by the ExB for outstanding performance.  Laid off due to downsizing Business Project Manager PB and IB Clariden Leu - Zürich, ZH - April 2010 to June 2011 (1 year, 2 months) Implemented financial products F2B in Front Arena and T24 (e.g. FX products and derivate) for the Offshore Branch (Nassau, Bahamas).  • Defined a Governance Model between Switzerland and offshore branches (Nassau and Guernsey).  • Implemented offshore-wide Change Management Model (run the bank).  • Major ACCOMPLISHMENTS: Established a complete change management program. Company was not able to meet IT audit requirements. Centralized change management board at HQ. Quicker response to daily time to market needs.  Laid off due the bank was closed Project Manager global SAP Rollouts, Reichle & De Massari AG - Zürich, ZH - March 2009 to March 2010 (1 year) Led Global SAP Rollout and local SAP Implementations for SAP HCM and FI/CO for 3 different subsidiary  • Provide regular status updates and monitor risks and issues  • Understand how applications support business processes and apply this knowledge to solve defined business problems  • Work with team members to facilitate successful integration between modules  • Supervise team of external consultants and Business Analysts to ensure that all Time requirements are identified and documented  • Obtain sign-off from the business users on requirements and ensure the application developers can translate the requirements into systems specifications  • Design, document, and implement unit, integration, parallel test, and cutover plans for PA/OM  • Ensured SAP implementation best practices throughout the life cycle including business process reengineering and solution blueprint.  • Managed delivery of SAP projects against aggressive budget(s) and timeline(s).  • Participated to creation of SAP prospect proposals (RFPs), demo and client negotiations.  End of project (Contract assignment) Project Manager Financial Projects Credit Suisse Group AG - Zürich, ZH - August 2007 to February 2009 (1 year, 6 months) Managed Financial Projects Domain, SLB (Securities Lending and Borrowing) and Treasury.  • Led implementation of Sox relevant Server, including a concept to migrate Business Files, under different Audit conditions.  • Led implementation of Open Lease (integrated Contract Management and Offering) and afb (Loan management)  • Developed project schedule along with project plans, actively supported team heads to create a robust work breakdown structure (WBS) to manage solution delivery  End of project (Contract assignment) Teamlead SAP SCM and Project Manager SAP SCM - Zürich, ZH - April 2006 to July 2007 (1 year, 3 months) Led team of 7 members driving SAP SCM operations  • Developed project schedule / project plans, worked with team leads to create a robust work breakdown structure (WBS) to manage solution delivery  • Implement project management process and tools, ensure better business and IT alignment  • Define business process requirements, preparation of scope of SAP Sales and Distribution. Performed Gap Analysis. Prepared Business process blue prints  • Design, configuration and testing in various SAP Modules: SD, MM and WM  • Providing functional expertise, guidance, presentation, and instruction on SAP products to the organization and users  • Provide detailed knowledge of industry best practices  • Managed functional and integration tests as well as quality assurance and user acceptance testing  • Decoupling and Replacement of the current ERP Applications, for two midsize Retail Companies, e.g. HOWEG Schweiz AG and Prodega, with SAP Retail (ERP 2004)  Laid off due to company's financial difficulties and downsizing SAP In-House Consultant SME, Migros - Zürich, ZH - October 2003 to July 2005 (1 year, 9 months) Provided SAP In-house consulting and sub-project management  • Reviewed deliverables produced by internal SAP functional and technical team members  • Worked closely with the customer to develop use cases, review test cases and track feature bugs.  • Managed a project budget of $ 100k. Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks  • Documented process flows and developed requirements for functional improvements and enhancements  • Attended ASAP Workshops to identify business requirements  • Conducted activity-based business process analysis and made recommendations based on the findings  • Understanding of intercompany processes with integration with, MM, WM and SD  • Inventory Management/Warehouse Management: Configuring and customizing Goods Receipts, Goods Issues, Transfer Postings, Stock Transfer Orders, Movements Types, Returns, Reservations, Subcontracting, Consignment, Physical Inventory and Account Determination  • Logistics Invoice Verification: Invoice Posting, Document Parking, Blocking and Release Invoices, ERS Invoice, Consignment, Automatic Settlement, Account Maintenance, and Payment Run.  Intermediate Documents (IDOCS): Monitoring, Reprocessing & Manual Posting of IDOCS, Setting up Partner Profiles, Process Codes and defining Port  • ERP support including enhancements, debugging & ticket handling in ECC Application Architect, Business Consultant ABB Switzerland AG - September 1999 to September 2003 (4 years) Designed a unique global Communication Model based on a EAI Architecture  • Worked closely with all Business Transformation teams to develop a business architecture competency linked to process improvement, streamlined operations, best practices, decreased costs and future revenue growth.  • Support the business as the business model evolves to embrace both a B2C and B2B suite of solutions  • Manage change within and across organizational boundaries while also driving standard processes and standards  • Managed/drive rollout supply management information system, ABB group wide  • Developed a concept for an integrated solution with Skyva and data cleansing and consolidation for ERP Systems (e.g. SAP; Baan etc.)  • Major ACCOMPLISHMENTS: Built a Global SCM Tool to deliver transparency of the procurement volume (16 Mio. $). ABB was not able to have a global and consolidated view of the purchasing volume. Awarded by ABB Global Process for outstanding performance SAP Consulting Services Data Migration - Zurich, KS - February 1997 to August 1999 (2 years, 6 months) Defined Migration plans from Legacy Systems to SAP and SAP R2 to R3  • Collaborated with the IT department to develop migration and cutover plans  • Ran migration programs, e.g. Batch Input and IDOCS. Education Management Leadership Course NbW Institute - Zürich, ZH 2013 BBA in education Fachhochschule Konstanz 1997 to 1999 Diploma Metzgawaidring High School 1996 Additional Information HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS  • Results-driven Project / Program Manager with proven success in Retail, Fashion, Consumer Products, Manufacturing, Finance and Insurance  • Highly skilled Project Manager and Business Consultant showing 17+ years working experience in cross-functional and cross-application environments in US, Switzerland, Bahamas and Germany  • High-achieving management professional with excellent communication, organizational and analytical capabilities.  • Devises innovative and agile approach to resolve business and technology challenges.    AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • Program Management ~ Project Management PMI / PMBOK ~ Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC - Agile/Scrum & Waterfall)  • SAP/ERP Implementation ~ ASAP~ IT Operations ~ Process Improvement ~ Change Management ~ ALM, PMO, JIRAActuarial Intern Sleepy Hollow, NY - Work Experience Actuarial Intern MetLife - New York, NY - June 2015 to August 2015 Responsibilities  Actuarial intern worked in payout annuity valuation  Worked with internal rates of return, mortality rates, and financial recording systems  Bi-weekly classes on different aspects of being an actuary    Skills Used  Excel  Access  SQL Financial Representative Intern Financial Architects - Rochester, NY - July 2014 to August 2014 Responsibilities  Emailed and called potential clients and organized files  Met with existing clients to discuss the terms of their policies  Met with prospective clients to sell policies    Accomplishments  Contacted many potential clients    Skills Used  Computer, Organization, and Time Management Real Estate and Marketing Intern Furnished Habitat - New York, NY - June 2013 to August 2013 Responsibilities  Updated the company’s listings on their website while also making improvements to it  Shadowed the company’s accountant, sometimes helping with paperwork, filing, organizing, and paying bills    Accomplishments  Was able to interact with customers and show apartments greatly increasing my communication skills    Skills Used  Mainly Computer, Excel mostly, and Communication Education BS in Mthematics and Statistics University of Rochester - Rochester, NY 2012 to 2016 Additional Information -Pursuing an Actuarial Studies Certificate  -Major GPA: 3.68  -Member of the Meliora Capital Management Club: A registered New York State limited liability company and student investment club. Serves as a forum for members to pool investing knowledge.  -Member of the Undergraduate Finance and Economics Council: Connects students to the faculty and to the University of Rochester Economics Department alumni through various speakers from the field.  -Member of Delta Upsilon Fraternity: Sports and Health ChairFounder Founder Flushing, NY - To obtain a Full-time actuary jobs. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Founder DoEnlight, LLC - March 2016 to August 2016 • Successfully raised company value from 10,000 dollars to 200,000 dollars (2000% raise within 5 months).  • Gather mentors from big companies to help students with their resume and mock interview skills.  • Marketing within colleges in Western Coast to expand the student pool.  • Connect with multiple companies and help students to locate their internship and full time jobs. Internship New York Life Insurance Corporate Office - San Dimas, CA - June 2015 to July 2015 • Communicated with agents and attend training courses, enhanced knowledge on the New York Life products.  • Helping partner to create more user-friendly excel worksheets. Internship New York Life Insurance Corporate Office - Chino, CA - June 2015 to July 2015 • Gained knowledge on how insurance works by creating quotes for agent to review and check claim status.  • Gained experience and knowledge on customer service. Professional/ Mentor Development Chair Smeal Actuarial Science Club - University Park, PA - September 2013 to May 2015 • Communicated with other executive board members to work out interactive plans to teach high school students easier and faster memorization technic.  • Helping mentors with their professionalism, as well as some basic resume building technics  Smeal Actuarial Science Club University Park, PA Education Bachelor of Science in Actuarial Science Penn State - State College, PA 2012 to 2016 Minor in Math and Stat Penn State - State College, PA 2012 to 2016 Skills Excel (3 years), R (2 years), Chinese Language (10+ years), SAS (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Related Technical Skills  • Fluent in both English and Chinese • Advanced Knowledge in R  • Advanced knowledge in MS Office especially ExcelSenior Accountant The Provident Loan Society Senior Accountant The Provident Loan Society - Provident Loan Society New York, NY - A highly competent, motivated, reliable and result-driven Accountant with extensive experience supporting the finance needs of the organization. A self-starter and team player with excellent organizational and computer skills. Proven ability to take on extra responsibilities and manage multiple projects simultaneously while working under stringent deadlines and maintaining high degree of confidentiality.  Core Skills and Knowledge  • Understanding of SOX and GAAP standards and procedure  • Strong Organization skills with ability to prioritize  • Ability to Manage Multiple Tasks  • Financial Reporting  • Budget Administration    • Accounts receivable/payable  • Audit Preparation  • Analytical and Critical thinker  • Results Driven  • Written and Oral Communication Skills  . Working Knowledge of Ad-Hoc Reporting  . Fluent in Spanish Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Accountant The Provident Loan Society Provident Loan Society - New York, NY - May 2015 to Present Financial Reporting and daily operations:  • Oversee cash management - daily.  • Manage financial closings - monthly.  • Manage general ledger - monthly.  • Review and prepare various account reconciliations - monthly.  • Prepare standard & custom internal financial reports in excel - monthly.  • Prepare bank borrowing base reports - monthly & quarterly.  • Prepare functional & managerial expense analysis - annually.  • Prepare annual surplus earnings analysis -annually.  • Prepare financial budget - annually.  Renew listed insurance policies annually:  • Commercial package policy - annually.  • Pawnbroker's liability insurance - annually.  • Fiduciary liability Policy - annually.  • Directors and officers liability policies (1) Primary & (1)Excess - annually.  • Workers compensation policy - annually.  • Commercial Crime Policy - annually.  Auction Sale - 3 times per annum:  • Download auction sale data.  • Use system auction sales data to verify system calculation accuracy.  • Prepare auction sale cost analysis.  • Prepare auction sale summary analysis.  • Prepare auction sale journal, finalize auction sale.  Government Reporting:  • Form 990 - provide outside accountants with all supporting schedules and reports, return prepared and filed by outside accountants - annually.  • Form 5500-DB plan - provide actuaries with census information and annual plan information, prepared and filed by actuary, signed by administrator - annually.  • Form 5500-DC plan - provide fidelity with answers to questionnaire, confirm contribution information, upload specified data to Fidelity system, prepared by Fidelity, filed by Provident Loan Society, signed by administrator - annually.  • Dept. of Labor - review wage report - prepared/filed by provident - quarterly.  • Payroll Tax returns - review - prepared and filed by payroll service - quarterly.  Annual Financial Audit:  • Substantiate all material account balances - annually.  • Provide internal control structure information - annually.  • Prepare disclosure reports with CPA guidance - annually.  Purchasing:  • Review and approve all purchase invoicing - daily.  • Code all invoices to the appropriate g/l account - daily.  • Review purchases - monthly.  Finance and accounting:  • Calculate outstanding interest and fees - monthly.  • Review 12 standard journal entries - monthly.  • Review quarterly tax filings - 940futa, 941 fed tax return, MTA-305, NYS45.  • Prepare and file NYS Dept. of Labor Report Wage report - quarterly  • Update and maintain financial performance metrics - monthly.  • Maintaining & Updating 1099 vendors.  • Manage monthly financial closings and adjustments.  • Manage and maintain employee benefits (401k, Life & Dental Insurance, FSA, TransitChek, and GTLI).  • Prepare and process bi-weekly payroll.  • Review and journalize American Express expenses.  • Journalize and upload to accounting system payroll allocation, employee benefit allocation.  • Implement and review accounting process as needed. Finance Associate Cicatelle Associates Inc. - New York, NY - August 2011 to May 2015 • Oversight and maintaining of AP/AR vendors, payment, processing orders, invoices, bank wires, and deposits.  • Cash management including wire transfers, record charges, and adjustments.  • Perform monthly bank reconciliation, account reconciliation between the general ledger and subsidiary ledger to ensure the timely and accurate financial statements are generated.  • Prepare supporting documentation and post journal entries to computerized accounting  Software.  • Managed domestic and international budgets, including budget modifications and closeouts.  • Identify, and assist in the implementation of, process improvements in order to shorten the monthly close process.  • Processes and maintain organizations payroll using ADP.  • Maintained and processed International payroll, working with in-country payroll vendors.  • Worked independent while communicating and coordinating with other employees and external clients to facilitate workflow that pertains to the financial deliverables of the organization.  • Assist with special projects. Education Bachelor of Arts in Economics City College of New York Skills Ms Excel (7 years), Ms Word (7 years), Account Management (5 years), Payroll (5 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Proficient in: MS Excel, Word (60 WPM), Outlook, Intacct, Professional Accounting System, SAGE 100 Fund Accounting, and BOA CashPro, ADP, BenefitMall Payroll, Fidelity, Choice StrategiesController Controller - Universal Construction Resources Carle Place, NY - Accounting / Audit professional with impeccable professional qualifications and experience seeking a position in an atmosphere promoting professional growth. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Controller Universal Construction Resources - July 2014 to Present (2 years, 1 month) General Contractors & Construction Managers  Universal Construction Resources, Inc. (UCR) previously MKM Construction, is founded in 1995 as a minority-owned Construction Services Organization. UCR prides itself in its ability to manage projects for public and private owners through all stages of Design and Construction. UCR clients includes New York City School Construction Authority (NYSCA), New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA), New York Department of Design & Construction (NYDDC), Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA) and New York City Department of Parks and Recreation (NYCDPR) among others. UCR has undertaken the role of General Contractor for NYCHA projects worth approx. 65 million.  Job Responsibilities:  * Maintained accounting systems as Controller/Accounting Manager for Federally funded contracts.  * Ensured accuracy of the QuickBooks system data and prepared and implemented Standard operating procedures for A/R, A/P, Banking and general ledger.  * Proposed to management the implementation of a new accounting / management system; namely, Sage 300 Construction & Real Estate (Timberline). (We are in the early phase of System installation and data convergence).  * Spearheaded billing, ensuring timely preparation and submission of payment requisitions for current projects to Owners / Governmental agencies for payment.  * Ensured accurate in house processing of 500+ Union Labors' payroll for active projects on a weekly basis; filed Federal, State and other payroll taxes; and ensured accurate preparation of "Certified payroll report" and its submission to Public agencies for review. (Later, payroll processing function was outsourced to an outside service provider).  * Managed cash inflows and outflows and designed internal policies and procedures to ensure proper management of cash flows.  * Established credit periods with material suppliers and did the leg work before purchase of any construction aid equipment, property and Land.  * Prepared budgets and variance analysis for on-going projects and helped estimating department in upcoming projects' bids.  * Dealt with Labor Unions and prepared monthly Employer's benefits remittance report.  * Prepared labor and material reports for internal and external reporting purposes.  * Prepared monthly financials by divisions and contracts for internal reporting. Prepared any and all financial, operational and management reports to satisfy scheduled / ad hoc ownership management needs.  * Facilitated Unions' and other External Audit requests.  * Acted as a liaison between employees, contractors, and management personnel for resolution of any contract related matter. General Manager Dack llc - New York, NY - August 2010 to July 2014 (3 years, 11 months) Dack llc as a franchisee of Dunkin Donuts owns 4 stores in Long Island, New York, with yearly revenues of approx. 3 million dollars and a staff of around 50+ people. I started my engagement as Night-Shift Manager and left Dack llc while working as General Manager. During my years at Dack llc profits saw an increase of up to 5% year over year and cost decreases were around 2%. Dack llc repeatedly awarded me with the best performing Manager and also Dunkin Corporate office awarded me with their Best achievement award recognizing my effort of turning around a poor performing unit to a healthy profit making one. I maintained a steady customer satisfaction percentage of approx. 85%+ during my work at Dack llc.  Job Responsibilities:  * Achievement of group's operational objectives by contributing information and analysis to operations reports; completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; identifying and resolving problems; identifying needed system improvements; implementing production and food preparation changes.  * Accomplishing group's financial objectives by estimating requirements; contributing information for annual budget preparation; implementing and controlling expenditure schedules; analyzing variances; initiating approved corrective actions; helping to promote the restaurant by establishing profit / cost targets hence increasing sales and improving profits.  * Maintaining a flow of satisfied guests by sufficient production; monitoring order-taking and filling; performing all jobs, as needed; responding to guest complaints and special requests.  * Placement of food and supply orders; minimizing waste; directing and controlling food preparation and cooking procedures; ensuring that quality standards of Brand are met.  * Kept group's equipment operating by following operating instructions; teaching employees proper use and maintenance of equipment; troubleshooting breakdowns; maintaining supplies; performing preventive maintenance; calling for repairs.  * Accomplishing group's human resource objectives by assisting in recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures.  * Maintenance of a safe, secure, and healthy work environment by following and enforcing standards and procedures; complying with sanitation and legal regulations, followed up with frequent restaurant visits and surprise inspections. Manager Accounts Hascol Petroleum Limited - June 2009 to June 2010 (1 year) Hascol Petroleum Limited formerly Hascombe Storage Limited (a Public Company) is engaged in the purchase, storage and sale of petroleum products such as Fuel Oil, High Speed Diesel, Gasoline, Jet A-1, LPG and Lubricants. In February 2005 Hascol was granted a full marketing license by the Government of Pakistan and since then, Hascol has been engaged in developing a retail network under HASCOL brand and by 31st December 2014 we will have commissioned over two hundred and fifty retail outlets, in the four provinces of Pakistan and Azad Kashmir. This number will rise to 300 by the end of 2015. During my tenure at Hascol as Manager Accounts I supervised the accounting department which comprised of 6 other personnel. I was responsible for the targeted achievement of time bounded deliverables from my department.  Job Responsibilities:  * Monthly Accounts  * Receivables and Payables  * Payroll processing  * Imports Costing  * Company related Taxation Matters.    * Yearly Statutory Audit and Half yearly review  * Accounting of Employee Benefits  * Monthly Accruals entries  * Payments to Vendors & Suppliers Senior Auditor Pwc - Karachi - December 2005 to May 2009 (3 years, 5 months) Karachi Pakistan  As a senior auditor, I had been involved in performing statutory annual audits, half yearly reviews and other varied assurance, risk advisory and agreed upon procedures. The experience at Pwc (Assurance Department) has enabled me to develop a comprehensive understanding of the key business processes, accounting and internal control systems and regulatory environment of diversified industries. The core responsibilities discharged in audit included:  * To develop effective and efficient work plans based on the understanding of client's significant business processes keeping in view the risk assessment process.  * To make effective use of analytical, financial appraisal, interpersonal and communication skills and ability to handle multiple tasks to meet deadlines and targets.  * Overall supervision of the audit and other assignments including team management, client meetings/discussions and timely culmination thereof.  * To liaise with the management of the client at all levels for effective and efficient conduct of assignments in order to maintain a positive relationship with the client without impairing independence.  * To advise the client in interpretation of the requirements of the applicable reporting framework and other local laws, applicable in Pakistan, in order to prepare framework compliant financial statements.  * To evaluate internal control environment and risk identification, mitigating and preventive procedures, identifying weaknesses therein and making improvement/eradication recommendations to management.  * To provide on-job training and professional development to sub-ordinate staff/team members.  * To consult and co-ordinate with experts/other professionals such as information technology experts, lawyers, actuaries and independent expert in respect of critical matters to be reported.  * Performed related services, review and agreed upon procedures and finalized deliverables related to different certification by external auditors including right issue, bonus issue, CDC; and * Direct reporting to Senior Executives, where applicable.  The most significant audit clients that have contributed to my professional growth includes:  * American Express Bank  * Standard Chartered Bank  * Soneri Bank Limited  * HBL Mutual Funds  * PICIC Mutual Funds  * Toyota Motors Pakistan    * Ace Insurance Limited, ACE INA International Holdings Limited U.S.A  * Adamjee Insurance Limited, and  * KASB Securities Limited.  * JS PE Management Limited  * Standard Chartered Modarba    Risk Advisory Services (RAS) & Other Advisory Engagements:  * MyBank Limited (Consultancy on Business Process Risks and Controls)  * Prime Commercial Bank Limited (Due Diligence)  * Faysal Bank Limited (Agreed upon procedures) Education The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan 2009 CPA Audit and Business SUNY College at Old Westbury Additional Information SKILLS    * Proficient in MS Office.  * Efficient use of audit software including, MYClient used by the Pwc.  * Working knowledge of Sage 300 Construction & Real Estate (Timberline), SAP MM & FICO Module, Oracle and Quick Books.Actuarial Intern Yonkers, NY - Work Experience Actuarial Intern Platinum Reinsurance - New York, NY - June 2012 to August 2012 (2 months) • Assisted senior actuary in creation and maintenance of premium pricing models     • Utilized Access to structure and organize pricing databases for senior actuary    • Provided support to actuarial team by maintaining a database of medical malpractice data     • Streamlined accessibility of malpractice insurance documents pertaining to pricing information, liability, demographics and locations     • Independently worked to research, organize and compile all client contracts into searchable resource for actuarial team Building Conservationist Intern Jablonski Building Conservationists - New York, NY - June 2011 to August 2011 (2 months) • Researched and produced comprehensive reports regarding the historical significance of the Cooper-Hewitt Museum Entrance Canopy    • Prepared and presented status updates and relevance of research at weekly staff meetings     • Collaboratively worked with team on restoration of an early 19th century subway mosaic     • Assisted conservationists with repairs at the Tenement Museum and Moravian Cemetery Camp Ray's Summer Counselor/ Head Counselor City of Yonkers - Yonkers, NY - June 2010 to August 2010 (2 months) • Supervised 25 first grade campers  • Worked to develop programs and special events Education Bachelors of Arts in History/Economics College of the Holy Cross - Worcester, MA Skills MS Access, Word, Excel, and PowerPointRecruiting Lead RECRUITING LEAD at Peoplescout Shelton, CT - Work Experience Recruiting Lead PeopleScout - Shelton, CT Senior Sourcing Specialist Gartner - Stamford, CT - February 2012 to January 2013 ● Plays a key role in sourcing for all levels of Sales and Corporate Roles across North America  ● Sourcing IT management consultants for North America and EMEA  ● Sourcing for roles in Accounting, Legal and operations  ● Delivering quality candidates to assist in achieving Gartner’s ambitious growth plans in revenue and sales force  ● Leverages all sourcing means through social media sites, job boards, technology blogs, networking, and recruiting and sales events  ● Remote recruiting in new territories, in difficult and remote locations   ● Mentored and trained peers in sourcing techniques - Boolean searching; candidate referrals; and sourcing in new territories CONTRACT RECRUITER MISYS - New York, NY - November 2011 to February 2012 Sole recruiter conducting full cycle recruiting for revenue-generating positions in North and South America for Misys, a leading global software and services provider  ● Responsible for direct recruitment, vendor management and the end to end recruitment process across all business units in the region CONTRACT RECRUITER INTERNATIONAL RESCUE COMMITTEE - New York, NY - January 2011 to November 2011 Provide strategic sourcing and recruitment for a global humanitarian aid organization in the areas of US and International Programs, External Relations, Government Relations, operations and Human Resources  ● Partner with hiring managers to assess their needs and develop effective recruitment strategies  ● Developed strategies to source, attract, recruit and select quality candidates  ● Sourcing candidates by utilizing social media, referrals, resume mining, diversity resources, networking and direct sourcing  ● Build and maintain relationships with US and global field staff to create a pipeline of external and internal candidates and create effective internal mobility strategies  ● Maintain a constant awareness of the political and cultural landscape of the various countries we operate in ● Managing the process of selection and placement including metric analysis of qualified candidates, using Taleo  ● Represent the organization at careers fairs and build the IRC brand  ● Work with field-based personnel to demonstrate best practice recruitment and provide assistance on critical needs and to assist in the coordination of global recruiting efforts, particularly focusing on areas such as Haiti, Liberia, DRC, Afghanistan and Pakistan CONTRACT RECRUITMENT EXECUTIVE MARKIT - London - May 2010 to November 2010 6 month contract)    ● Dealt with all full life cycle recruitment activity across all business functions up to Director level - management of recruitment lifecycle, meeting with line managers, liaising with agencies, screening CV's, conducting interviews and making offers  ● Working with third party recruitment suppliers to ensure highly successful and commercial working relationships  ● Managed agencies to ensure rates and fees are in line with market rates and enable Markit to source good candidates whilst containing costs, negotiating changes in rates/fees as appropriate  ● Ownership, direction and control of the recruitment process from inception of mandate through to completion, including the provision of advice to the internal client around recruitment strategy  ● Liaise with line managers on a daily basis regarding recruitment issues and process issues  ● Worked in all areas of the business including Sales, Pricing and valuation teams, IT Infrastructure and Development, Client Services, Marketing, and HR  ● Identification of, and day to day running of advertised positions on job-boards including response management  ● Maintenance and development of Markit's Career website to further develop direct hiring capabilities  ● Maintaining recruitment reports on an ongoing basis  ● Keeping team up to date with both organizational change and activity in the external recruitment market e.g. trends, competitor activity, new products, processes, ideas re creative recruitment.  ● Liaising regularly and frequently with Generalists to ensure employee concerns are dealt with, and any queries around work permits, pay and benefits are resolved  ● Overseeing high volume recruitment campaigns to ensure that they are delivered on time and in budget. RECRUITMENT ADVISOR ea CONSULTING GROUP - London - October 2007 to May 2010 Worked on site with consultants and clients, gathering position requirements from the Hiring Managers, while functioning as a recruiting SME and consultant and advising on best recruitment strategies to meet client's needs  ● Interfacing with senior level executives, gaining an understanding of their business drivers and needs and advising on best policy and procedure to achieve these goals  ● Delivered multifunctional full life cycle recruitment projects, primarily across the financial services sector, specializing in the recruitment of business change specialists on a permanent and interim basis  ● Managed the development of job advertisements, pre-screening questions, and interview guides  ● Qualified candidates through resume review and behavioral based face to face and phone interviews  ● Manage candidate and Hiring Manager communications  ● Reporting to and held direct accountability for recruitment for a number of Banking divisions and departments  ● Built ongoing relationships with clients & associates in order to generate business continuity and new business leads Head-hunter for Actuaries within the Pensions, Investments and Insurance industries ELLIOTT BAUER - London - September 2005 to October 2007 - London, UK - ACTUARIAL HEADHUNTER    ● Head-hunter for Actuaries within the Pensions, Investments and Insurance industries  ● Responsible for creating relationships with actuaries, directors, brokers and bankers allowing for the development of major clients and future business possibilities  ● Billed over £260,000 for the UK pensions team, followed by £190,000 in the International team's first year of operation  ● Worked with clients in analyzing the effectiveness of Resourcing partnerships, & producing salary bench marking recommendations  ● Developed and led the international team and its expansion into the Netherlands, Switzerland, France and Canada  ● Responsible for managing and mentoring a team of 3 international consultants Hampshire, UK - RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT MATCHTECH GROUP - September 2002 to February 2004 Provided recruitment solutions to Civil and Structural engineering companies across the UK Education BA in Business Administration University of Plymouth - UK 1999 to 2002Assistant Data Analyst Data Scientist (MBA) Bronx, NY - While I am being very detail-oriented, I have always managed to multi-task with the best of them. I am a quick learner, and have taught a number of technical tricks and tips to my previous management. I work very well with other co-workers and always keep a positive and professional attitude. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant Data Analyst preCharge Risk Management - New York, NY - July 2009 to January 2012 (2 years, 6 months) Gathered data on client from social media to determine their e­commerce  transaction authenticity. Assisted in general technology tasks and oversaw  day to day client integration matters. Worked on various projects that  introduced me to various tools that I learned proficiently and completed my  projects efficiently and effectively. Some of the projects that I worked on are  CRM, Video Production and Editing, Chargeback, Quickbooks, Social Media  Marketing, PPC. Sales Representative Star Communication - Long Island City, NY - June 2008 to May 2009 (11 months) Sold unlocked phones to the retailers in large quantity and wholesale  unlocked carrier locked phones for international use over the phone to  retailers all over USA. Personally oversaw the invoicing, inventorying, record  keeping and shipping of smartphones. Sales Associate Spandex World Inc - April 2006 to June 2008 (2 years, 2 months) Managed phones, maintained files and distributed confidential folders to  assigned employee. Assisted customers with merchandise selection. Created  and labeled samples of goods and send them to designated client. Managed  customer invoice. Created and labeled daily goods for shipping. Education BS in Applied Mathematics NYC College of Technology - Brooklyn, NY 2012 to 2016 High School Diploma John F. Kennedy High School - Bronx, NY 2003 to 2006 Skills Applied Mathematics and Computer Science (Java, C++, R, SQL), Video Production and Editing (Audacity, Sony Vegas Video, YouTube), CRM (Sugar and Microsoft Dynamics CRM), PPC (Microsoft adCenter, Google Adwords), Social Networking (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat and more.), Versatile OS user (Google Apps, Android, iOS, Windows), Support (Technical, Help­Desk and Customer), Basic Quickbooks and Photoshop, Invoicing, Web­based Research, Creative Writing, Cash Management, Sample Preparation, Banking, Typing speed ­ 65 WPM, Bilingual: Fluent in Bengali., R (2 years), SQL (1 year), Excel (4 years), Matlab (2 years), C++ (1 year), Java (1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/saayedalam Awards Dean's List 2012 Dean's List 2013 Dean's List 2014 Groups Actuary Club 2012 to PresentCFO dba dLife - LifeMed Media, Inc Westport, CT - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CFO LifeMed Media, Inc - Westport, CT - July 2011 to Present Chief Financial Officer  Lead Finance, Administrative, & HR functions for a multi-media digital technology company, with leading  website, healthcare services platform, and professional services, designed to educate and improve  outcomes for people with diabetes. Venture backed, originally by Battery Ventures, dLife has built one of the leading brand in diabetes, and was recently acquired by Z Living, a health and wellness Company.  Reported to CEO, who was formerly President of Avon's $1 billion on-line business, CMO of The Guilt  Group, & General Manager for Weight Watchers, and after his departure ran Company during transition.  • Together with CEO, led extensive process for strategic sale to ZLiving, a health and wellness cable  TV and digital media Company. Led detailed due diligence process, discussions, and negotiation of Purchase Agreement.  • Transitioned business out of television and lead generation businesses, to develop Healthcare  Services technology practice which has been sold to large healthcare companies, major  pharmaceutical & device manufacturers, and working with SVP of Marketing to build our retail  business, which includes diabetes education, behavior change programs, microsites, and curated  content to improve outcomes for people with diabetes. Led huge initiative to develop & execute  in-store education pilot program with Walmart.  • Led business development efforts and negotiated agreements with important strategic partners,  including Welltok to integrate with their leading health & wellness platform for large health  insurers and employers, Sears holdings to integrate into their shop your way health platform, and  BMIQ to develop dLife's weight management solution.  • Built in-depth financial model, monthly quarterly & annual financial reports, and board meetings.  Managed annual audit, as well as annual tax credit audits (Television & Digital Media) to receive over $750k in annual reimbursement from the State of Connecticut.  • Oversaw detailed budgeting and forecasting process, and monthly financial and management  reporting.  • Chief Compliance Officer of the Company, and together with CTO responsible for institutionalizing HIPAA compliance & security policies.  • Recruited and hired new technology team to lead development efforts, and responsible for all HR  programs, contracts and legal initiatives. Chief Financial Officer & Consultant DFA Capital Management Inc - Purchase, NY - 2002 to 2011 Headed finance & operations for multi-national enterprise risk management software & professional  services company run by the former CEO of UBS Warburg, N.A. Joined as a consultant in July of 2002,  became CFO in January of 2004, and was instrumental in building and selling business. DFA was  purchased by Conning, Inc., which manages $80 billion in assets for insurance companies. Engaged as a  Consultant for Conning in transitioning business.  • Built infrastructure, and financial reporting for international business: US, German, and Swiss  operations, including legal, and human resources. Recruited multi-disciplinary team in US & Europe, including software developers, investment analysts, actuaries, econometricians, sales & marketing professionals.  • Developed business plan and business model, working with exceptional team of Wall Street and insurance executives to build recurring subscription license & professional services business.  Navigated financial crisis, with 30% increase in customer base in 2010, after 45% increase in 2009,  carefully controlling expenses.  • Led financing efforts, raising $15 million from strategic investors and institutional sources. Ran  M&A process for sale of Company, including extensive due diligence, and legal process.  • Negotiated and structured customer contracts with tier one insurance clients and asset  management firms such as Travelers, CNA, and CIGNA, including multi-tiered $30 million  relationship with European customer, Talanx AG. Developed pivotal strategic partnerships with companies including McKinsey, Teradata, and Milliman. Vice President, Finance & Corporate Development EVENTRA - Milford, CT - 1995 to 2002 Senior executive and board member, instrumental in building 135-person e-commerce software and professional services company, selling and delivering $250,000 plus supply chain solutions to Fortune  1000 companies. Initially brought in by venture investors to reposition business, head finance and operations functions, business development, human resources, facilities and legal affairs. Specific  accomplishments include:  • Raised $37 million in three rounds of financing from top tier firms such as JH Whitney. Extensive  business plan and business model preparation, presentations and due diligence discussions with many leading private equity firms.  • Negotiated multi-tiered million dollar contracts with Fortune 500 customers, including GE, Boeing, and Caterpillar, and industry leaders such as Deere & Company, Pitney Bowes, Subaru, and  Duracell.  • Acquired business and structured spin-off of two subsidiaries. Developed and negotiated key  strategic relationships with companies such as Sun Microsystems (IPlanet), AT&T, MCI,  WebMethods, and US Internetworking.  • Managed all accounting & financial activities, developing five-year strategic plan and annual  budgets for eight different departments. Built finance and accounting infrastructure, including  monthly detailed reports to board, and coordinated Deloitte & Touche audits. Vice President HARBOUR INVESTMENT CORPORATION - Stamford, CT - 1992 to 1995 Senior Executive of buyout firm that invested in and actively managed technology, manufacturing, and energy investments.  • Formed and funded partnership for buyout of companies that included public manufacturing  company, software company, and energy company.    • Completed company analysis, structured buyout terms, developed investor memorandum, and secured investors.  • Led business expansion initiatives and oversight of companies, including strategic planning,  budgeting, business development, and staffing decisions.  • Directed investor relations and reporting activities. Provided consulting services to other clients. Vice President TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION - Stamford, CT - 1987 to 1992 promoted from Associate & Senior Associate)  Became a principal in venture capital firm that diversified investments in early and later stage companies.  Sourced, evaluated, structured, and executed investments.  • Analyzed, structured, and managed $50 million in investments, including purchase of public  manufacturing company, technology company, transportation business, shipping concern,  environmental businesses, and energy investments..  • Developed expertise in computer modeling, company valuations and financial statement  analysis. Designed a proprietary forecasting and business valuation model to analyze, structure, and evaluate investments.  • Wrote and produced research reports, offering memorandums and consulting studies. Associate SNOWMASS CONFERENCES - Snowmass, CO - 1982 to 1984 Planned and coordinated business & trade conferences averaging 150 plus people. Education MBA in Management of Organizations COLUMBIA BUSINESS SCHOOL 1985 to 1987 BA in Political Science DENISON UNIVERSITY 1978 to 1982 Skills Financial Management (10+ years), Operations (10+ years), Fundraising (10+ years), Mer (10+ years), Financial Modeling (10+ years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Human Resources (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/toddcolwellSenior Team Coordinator Senior Team Coordinator Teaneck, NJ - To continue my career in the field of Accounting / Taxation with a company that will utilize my experience and education skills to benefit mutual growth and success. Work Experience Senior Team Coordinator INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE - New York, NY - January 2011 to October 2015 • Supervised the team that performed examinations for a Coordinated Industry Case (CIC) taxpayer in the Insurance Industry.  • Based upon referrals assigned Engineers, Actuaries, and International Examiners to expedite processing of cases.  • Prepared Audit Plan and Risk Analysis Evaluations for CIC exams.  • Identified areas that represented potential Audit adjustments. Education B.S. in ACCOUNTING WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY - Wilberforce, OH Skills management (5 years) Awards Albert Gallatin Award January 2016 Esteem service for the Department of Treasury. Certifications Enrolled AgentAssist the Director of Medical Education Assist the Director of Medical Education - Institute for Innovation New York, NY - Executive Assistant with extensive experience providing support to senior executives and C-level executives. Excellent interpersonal skills at all levels, strong planning, detail-oriented, organizing, problem-solving abilities, teamwork, and initiative. Recognized as goal and results oriented, including handling multiple projects while meeting deadlines. Reputation for confidentiality and discretion. Work Experience Assist the Director of Medical Education Institute for Innovation - July 2016 to Present Executive Administrative Assistant to SVP of Hospice & Palliative Care Jul 2016 - Present    • Assist the Director of Medical Education in the Institute for Innovation in Palliative Care with administrative tasks and related duties.  • Coordinate all tasks involving incoming Hospice and Palliative Medicine Fellows.  • Responsible for updating Fellowship manual and handbook.  • Assist with in-depth credentialing, on-boarding, and orientation of incoming fellows.  • Support the Directors of Education and Training, Quality and Performance Improvement with administrative tasks and related duties as needed.  • Assist SVP with administrative tasks and related duties.  • Extensive calendar management.  • Coordinate meetings, travel and expenses, conferences, and webinars. Fellowship Coordinator (1 month) Metropolitan Jewish Health System (MJHS) - New York, NY - June 2016 to July 2016 Executive Assistant to SVP, Sales & Retention Affinity Health Plan - Bronx, NY - September 2015 to April 2016 • Assisted SVP of Sales & Retention with administrative tasks and related duties.  • Extensive calendar management.  • Coordinated meetings, travel and expenses, conferences, seminars, webinars, renewals, and special events.  • Worked closely with Director of Retention in renewing Medicare members, meeting deadlines, and assisting with administrative tasks.  • Managed expense reports for SVP's direct reports through P-Card using Amex.  • Managed timesheets in Kronos for SVP and Director of Retention.  • Assisted AVP of QHP/Government Programs/Sales with preparation of PowerPoint presentations for Sales rallies.  • Assisted with the management of budgets for entire department.  • Managed vendor/rep credentialing and renewals using Symplr. NY - Executive Assistant Corporate Compliance - New York, NY - August 2014 to February 2015 • Assisted VP of Corporate Compliance and Internal Audit, Compliance Privacy Officer, and Director of Internal Audit with administrative tasks.  • Extensive calendar management.  • Coordinated meetings, travel and expenses, conferences, seminars, renewals, and special events.  • Worked closely with two compliance specialists to ensure project deadlines.  • Managed invoice and billing processes using Lawson.  • Managed department employee timesheets in Kronos.  • Managed COI submissions in a timely manner using MSOW Credentialing.  • Assisted with the preparation of budgets.    Liza Silen-Pagidas New York, NY Cell: 646-456-4968 Email: lpagidas101@gmail.com Financial Planning Coordinator EmblemHealth - August 2010 to November 2013 EmblemHealth - New York, NY - January 1993 to November 2013 Executive Assistant to SVP, Chief Actuary EmblemHealth - May 1998 to October 2008 Executive Assistant to Vice President EmblemHealth - January 1993 to May 1998 • Assisted VP, CFO, and directors with financial planning and operational analysis.  • Extensive calendar management.  • Prepared project status reports and communicate them to project owners.  • Assisted in coordination of Hyperion project administration workload, meetings, and training sessions.  • Coordinated BVR meetings and materials for completion of company-wide budgets.  • Worked closely with team leaders and staff to manage project deadlines and meetings.  • Provided administrative support to SVP of Corporate Actuarial and Managing Director of Underwriting.  • Coordinated meetings, seminars, conferences, renewals, appointments, and special events with executive-level management, medical directors, and the CEO and President.  • Developed internal correspondence to facilitate effective communication and transfer of information between departments.  • Liaised between colleagues, executive management, and senior staff.  • Produced transparencies and PowerPoint slides for presentations.  • Synchronized employee timesheets on the TORS and Kronos system.  • Screened incoming mail for SVP and used discretion in action relating to events and meetings.  • Managed invoice and billing processes.  • Identified discrepancy of $5,000 in BVR and obtained credit back to the business reporting line using NVision Drilldown utilizing AP and general ledgers for accuracy.  • Assisted prospective clients in completing necessary documents in connection with statistical data research and satisfaction surveys.  • Produced documents for HEDIS, NCQA, IPRO, Medicaid and Medicare.  • Served as Program Administrator for the department in scheduling training sessions.  • Conducted provider and physician profiling searches. Education Certificate Royal Business School - New York, NY December 1983 GED in Higher Education Murry Bergtraum HS for Business Careers July 1982 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Proficient in MS Office (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Visio); PeopleSoft Financials (budgets); Concur (travel and expenses); Lawson (financials, budgets); Kronos (employee timekeeping); Time Off Reporting System (TORS); EWay System and WB Mason (office supplies); Microsoft Dynamics (Solomon-item requests and special requests); Symplr (credentialing and renewals); Faxcom Client (computer faxes); Automation Graphics (business cards and forms); WorkFlowOne Integrated System (business forms, business cards, and related documents); CAR (P-Card - Corporate Account Reconciliation using Amex for business expenses); NYS Licensed Notary Public and bilingual Spanish.Actuarial Analyst Actuarial Analyst Stamford, CT - To acquire a position employing strong communication, analytical and leadership skills. Work Experience Actuarial Analyst HOOKER AND HOLCOMBE - West Hartford, CT - July 2015 to July 2016 (1 year) Created defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans for municipal and corporate clients using statistical  coding in excel. All plans were uniquely crafted using data analytics to optimize functionality.  • Interacted with client contacts to answer any questions and aid in the transition of new policies.  • Prepared annual accounting and financial reports for fiscal and calender years.  • Worked closely with higher level management on a daily basis. Actuarial Intern LINCOLN FINANCIAL - Hartford, CT - May 2014 to August 2014 (3 months) • Worked on the life product metrics team analyzing product IRR and overall performance.  • Coded in VBA to create macros that sped up the analysis process on a brand new product.  • Presented on quarterly findings to a panel of dozens of actuaries. Intern/Statistical Analyst EMERGING HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY - Yonkers, NY - May 2013 to August 2013 (3 months) • Performed statistical operations on patient data in order to gain information for the hospital, Montefiore.  • Had daily meetings with the vice president of clinical information technology research and development.  • Presented any new discoveries to a panel of Montefiore executives.  • Communicated with a team of employees to further our research and learn one another's findings. Education Bachelor of Arts in Actuarial Science UNIVERSITY OF CONNECTICUT - Storrs, CT May 2015 Additional Information Computer Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, and ProVal