Analyst Student Farmingdale, NY - Willing to relocate Work Experience Analyst Greystone Equity Fund - Poughkeepsie, NY - September 2015 to May 2016 • Learned about bond pricing and the risks associated with different classes of bonds.  • Acted as an analyst for the materials and utility sector.  • Produced a report in a small group where we conducted sector research, performed financial modeling, and fundamental analysis. Customer Relations Intern Fidelity Investments - Jersey City, NJ - June 2015 to August 2015 • Designed a timeline for key dates, tasks, and users needed to finish a major company conversion.  • Managed the Integrated Project Plan used to govern one of National Financials largest client.  • Nominated for project manager title amongst 10 Interns where we were tasked to Attract, Retain, and Engage the millennial generation.  • Developed a student loan reimbursement program, and edited the companies communication platform. Equity Rewards Intern Grant Thornton - London - November 2014 to December 2014 London, England  • Collaborated with the Equity Rewards and Tax Team at one of the worlds leading accounting firms.  • Prepared letters to company clients regarding their share plans proposing more cost effective alternatives.  • Analyzed executive's remuneration pay packages specifically related to the Oil and Gas Sector in the LSE.  • Assisted in developing a report discussing multiple sectors of the LSE. Organized Equity Reward's various ideas, personal market research, and created the visuals for the yearly Oil and Gas Sector review. ITS Project Management Intern Selective Insurance - Branchville, NJ - June 2014 to August 2014 • Worked within the Processing team and Project Management team.  • Was asked to return to work within the IT PMO department during winter break.  • Held weekly meetings involving top-level management to monitor the status of multiple projects that were being implemented throughout the organization.  • Created and implemented a time data entry process between numerous applications and systems.  • Led 7 interns in a group project regarding the overall ease of use of the company's online system. Education Bachelor of Science in Finance and Economics Marist College - Poughkeepsie, NY 2012 to 2016Analyst Analyst Darien, CT - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Analyst NOVAFUND ADVISORS, a division of Columbus Advisory Group, Ltd (Presently here) - Darien, CT - November 2014 to June 2016 • Analyst within a lean seven person placement agent and advisory boutique for private equity managers  • Experience with multiple illiquid asset classes including buyout, growth and venture capital, credit, distressed debt, mezzanine, emerging markets, fund of funds, and other special situations  • Work with both fund managers and institutional investors supporting firm due diligence activity, drafting offering materials, road-show management, developing distribution plans, RFP monitoring, working to close LPs, and developing new and existing LP relationships  • Other responsibilities include client reporting, CRM management, industry research, public relations and marketing Financial Representative NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL - New York, NY - 2013 to 2014 • Provided financial planning for individuals and families in the following areas: insurance, investments, and estate planning  • Developed new relationships and managed existing relationships Event Coordinator - BMW OCTAGON - Norwalk, CT - 2013 to 2013 Ultimate Driving Experience Tour  • Assembled and ran large scale ride and drive events at over 20 BMW centers throughout the country: TX, OK, AR, KY, IN, OH, PA, NY  • Interacted with customers alongside the BMW center's sales and management team  • Acted as the first contact with customers to educate clients on the featured cars Education Bachelor of Arts in Economics SOUTHERN METHODIST UNIVERSITY - Dallas, TX 2009 to 2012 ST. LAWRENCE UNIVERSITY - Canton, NY 2008 to 2009 Skills Microsoft, Salesforce, CRM Software, Networking, Research, Analysis, Market Research, Marketing, Sales Certifications Series 7 License Series 63 Additional Information Education     SOUTHERN METHODIST UNIVERSITY Dallas, TX  […] Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics  Activities: Sigma Alpha Epsilon, St. Baldrick’s Foundation    […] ST. LAWRENCE UNIVERSITY Canton, NY  Activities: Men’s Varsity Golf, […]    Personal: Golf, Skiing, Tennis, Paddle, Squash, and BasketballJunior Analyst Junior Analyst - Beacon Hospitality Partners New York, NY - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Junior Analyst Beacon Hospitality Partners - January 2016 to Present (7 months) • Obtained an Intern Analyst role  • Consolidated monthly Financial Reports  • Processed reports for 4-5 Hotels each month Second Lieutenant U.S. Army, Infantry, New York National Guard - May 2015 to Present (1 year, 3 months) • Rifle Platoon Leader: I command 35 soldiers, both Enlisted and Non-Commissioned Officers. I report directly to my Company Commander and give him updates on all matters related to my Platoon.  *Chosen for and Led pilot training program (with 7 other candidates out of class of 48) for 170 high school juniors for 1 week.  • Acted as Platoon Leader, Evaluated students' Warrior Tasks and Battle Drills  • Instructed on Entry Control Point procedures and Tactical Operations Command  • Planned and Led a 20-hour platoon mission  • Conducted and Led regular After Action Reviews to assess effectiveness of exercises  • Ranked 3rd in Platoon for leadership and character by peers  • Chosen to be Platoon Leader for final week of Officer Candidate School (OCS).  ◦ Created schedules for all activities of platoon  ◦ Enforced standards and accountability  ◦ Managed internal disputes and ethical breaches of conduct  ◦ Delegated squads for special duties  ◦ Liaised between platoon members and cadre  ◦ Oversaw out-processing of platoon members and graduation rehearsals Army Officer Candidate School Army Officer Candidate School - Fort Benning, GA - May 2015 to September 2015 (4 months) • Strong leadership skills enhanced through intensive training at Army Officer Candidate School  • Comfortable in team positions and/or working independently  • Quick learner and able to be flexible and creative  • Competent in Microsoft Word/PowerPoint  • Organized, responsible, decisive and focused  • Clearance Level: Secret United States Army Specialist E-4 New York National Guard - Fort Jackson, SC - January 2015 to May 2015 (4 months) SC    New York National Guard Nov 24, 2014  • Joined the Military Habitat for Humanity Volunteer and Crew Leader Habitat - February 2014 to November 2014 (9 months) Supervised and Led Projects    Additional Training, Certification and Information:  • Commissioned as a Second Lieutenant Sept 15, 2015 Education Bachelor of Arts in History University of Central Florida December 2013 Military Service Service Country: United States Branch: US Army/ US Army National Guard Rank: O1/2LT 2015 to Present Army Infantry Officer. I am in charge of a Rifle Platoon containing 35 soldiers. I am responsible for anything the Platoon does or fails to do. I am senior officer on the ground and answer to my Company Commander. Commendations: -Voted in the Top 3 of my Platoon at graduation from Officer Candidate School -National Defense Service Ribbon -Army Medal of AchievementANALYST ANALYST New York, NY - Work Experience ANALYST Invicta Capital Management, LLC - March 2011 to August 2015 (4 years, 5 months) • Equity research analyst at a $400MM AUM long/short hedge fund focused on the small-cap technology sector.  • Conducted in-depth equity research including financial modeling, analysis of financial statements, analysis of regulatory filings, participating in quarterly earnings calls, industry research, meetings with corporate management,  meetings with sell-side analysts, and attending sell-side conferences.  • Provided long and short recommendations to portfolio managers based on research to generate investment alpha.  • Participated in weekly investment committee meetings to communicate market, portfolio and individual security  viewpoints with research analysts and portfolio managers.  • Responsible for risk monitoring and communication of portfolio risk, attribution, and performance metrics.  • Responsible for all aspects of daily/monthly/annual operations including trade settlement, account reconciliation,  NAV approval, financial statement approval, communication with prime brokers, auditors, administrators, and all  other third party service providers. ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT Jefferies & Company - January 2008 to March 2011 (3 years, 2 months) • Primary client service contact for 20+ hedge fund clients with over $1 billion AUM.  • Coordinated and monitored client trading and custody relationships within Prime Brokerage division across multiple asset classes (domestic/international equities, fixed income, options, currency spot/forward).  • Responsible for all aspects of hedge fund custodial services including position validation, cash reconciliation,  margin maintenance, and compliance with regulatory standards.  • Supported full technology platform including electronic trading system, proprietary order management system,  web-based reporting portal, and real-time profit/loss application.  • Assisted technology department in design and implementation of reporting suite and analytical tools used by hedge  fund managers for portfolio analysis. INTERN Northrop Grumman Corporation - May 2006 to January 2008 (1 year, 8 months) Assisted project management team in start up, analysis, and control of U.S. Army information technology contract  valued at $17 million.  • Initiated closeout and performance evaluation of government contract to determine project bonus award.  • Provided procurement and invoicing support to senior financial officers and project managers.  • Used models and key metrics to analyze and improve project efficiency and cost effectiveness.  • Acted as liaison between IT programmers and project management on issues of cost allocation and labor invoicing. INTERN/RESEARCH ASSISTANT Central Intelligence Agency - May 2005 to January 2006 (8 months) • Primary research assistant for group of Eurasian/Middle East research analysts.  • Conducted research to assist in the production and dissemination of research reports focused on Middle Eastern and  Eurasian areas of interest, key persons of interest, geo-political concerns, and counterterrorism targets.  • Maintained U.S. Government Secret Security Clearance. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance/Political Science JAMES MADISON UNIVERSITY - Harrisonburg, VA 2007 Certifications Chartered Financial Analyst Chartered Financial Analyst Additional Information SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS  • CFA Charterholder (2011)  • Member of New York Society of Security Analysts  • Former Series 7 & 63 Securities Licenses (Expired 2013)  • Software Experience - Bloomberg, Thomson One, Advent Geneva, Broadridge ADP, Realtick equity trading system, proprietary order management system, real-time profit/loss applications, FundCount partnership accounting software, Microsoft Office Suite.Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant New York, NY - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Work Experience Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant COMPANY and PROJECT - Edgewood, NY - February 2014 to October 2015 (1 year, 8 months) Broadridge, Edgewood, NY PROXY SYSTEM Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant (D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant HSBC BANK - Buffalo, NY - September 2013 to December 2013 (3 months) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant HSBC BANK - Raleigh, NC - December 2012 to May 2013 (5 months) System/Analyst - Independent Consultant HSBC BANK - Erie, PA - May 2012 to August 2012 (3 months) Brokerage Online Settlement System (BOSS) (PERSHING CONVERSION) CITIGROUP / PERSHING - March 2010 to December 2011 (1 year, 9 months) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant (D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant JPMORGAN - Chase, NY - July 2006 to December 2009 (3 years, 5 months) D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant STATE STREET BANK - Boston, MA - January 2004 to June 2006 (2 years, 5 months) D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Brokerage Online Settlement System (BOSS) CONVERSION CITIBANK / SALOMON SMITH BARNEY - January 2000 to November 2003 (3 years, 10 months) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant (D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Project Leader Programmer Analyst - Independent Consultant CABLE AND WIRELESS BARTEL - June 1999 to September 1999 (3 months) D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Personnel On Line Administrative Resource Information System (POLARIS) CHASE MANHATTAN BANK - New York, NY - June 1996 to April 1999 (2 years, 10 months) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant (D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant THE BANK OF NEW YORK (BONY) Mutual Fund System - December 1995 to June 1996 (6 months) D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Project Leader Programmer Analyst CABLE AND WIRELESS BARTEL - July 1995 to October 1995 (3 months) Customer Billing System, General Ledger System, Inventory/Purchase Order System    Project Leader Programmer Analyst Independent Consultant D. Graham Computer Associates Inc - April 1994 to June 1995 (1 year, 2 months) THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, NY List Processing System Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant (D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Programmer/Analyst - Independent Consultant BROOK FASHION & DESIGN - Manhattan, NY - January 1992 to March 1994 (2 years, 2 months) D. Graham Computer Associates Inc.) Education Data Processing Bronx Community College 1978Finance Analyst Finance Analyst Bronx, NY - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Finance Analyst Morgan Stanley - New York, NY - August 2016 to Present (1 month) Finance Analyst - Field Finance Wealth Management SEO Career Alum/ Campus Ambassador National Association of Black Accountants - New York, NY - January 2015 to Present (1 year, 7 months) • One of only 297 selected from a pool of almost 5,000 applicants  • Participated in SEO's online summer training program which provided further exposure to the financial services industry  • Completed 100+ hours of training including but not limited to financial analysis, Excel modeling, & risk management  • As Campus Ambassador, I am responsible for strengthening SEO's presence at Baruch College. I serve as liaison between potential candidates and program recruiters. Staff Accountant/ IT Specialist National Association of Black Accountants - July 2014 to May 2016 (1 year, 10 months) • Bookkeeping; recording invoices, transactions, & maintaining accuracy of financial statements for six three-star restaurants  • Assisting in bank reconciliations, month-end procedures & yearly audits including sales tax audit  • Ensuring the validity of petty cash claims before disbursing checks  • Assisting operations manager in managing budget projections & forecasts for two three-star restaurants  • Provided IT assistance as needed- computer, operating system, and network troubleshooting Summer Finance Analyst Morgan Stanley - New York, NY - June 2015 to August 2015 (2 months) • Provided expense reporting for the Legal Entity Controllers team for Morgan Stanley Bank, National Association  • Produced quarterly Affiliate Agreement Summary Report for review by MSBNA Board of Directors  • Led the training of team and PwC consultants on monthly MSBNA Expense Dashboard report  • Assisted in implementation of a new methodology for pricing Morgan Stanley Inter-Affiliate Service Level Agreements  • Provided detailed monthly Income Statement & Balance Sheet variance commentary; submitted to team VPs for approval  • Worked on a team of interns to develop an automated project-tracking framework for Morgan Stanley IED Finance Accountant Assistant Intern/ Marketing Intern National Association of Black Accountants - April 2014 to July 2014 (3 months) • Assisted with record keeping, improved accounting & financial statements  • Assisted with general administrative tasks including filing, copying, faxing, mailing, & answering phone calls Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Economics CUNY Bernard M. Baruch College - Zicklin School of Business - New York, NY May 2016 Associate of Science in Business Administration SUNY Dutchess Community College - Poughkeepsie, NY May 2012 Additional Information SKILLS    • Proficient: QuickBooks, internal Morgan Stanley General Ledger applications  • Advanced Working Knowledge: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook & Access  • Language: Intermediate Level in Spanish (reading, writing, conversational)  • Typing Speed: 54 words per minuteConsultant/Business Analyst Business Administration Analyst Harlem, NY - Team oriented, motivated and educated leader offering extensive experience in Account Management and Business Administration. Strong customer service focus, with efficient capacity to analyze and resolve problems and provide client support. Excellent communications and interpersonal skills; bilingual (fluent in Spanish/English); ability to establish and foster positive professional relationships, while orchestrating both team and independent tasks in an office environment. Seeking a position that would broaden and sharpen various skills and capabilities to drive a company closer to its overall professional goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consultant/Business Analyst Red Bow Events - Newark, NJ - January 2012 to Present (4 years, 7 months) Freelance Consultant/Business Analyst. Duties include Marketing for events and weddings, courier service, clerical, reports, finance, advertising on social media. Receptionist/Administrative Assistant Lefrak Organization - Jersey City, NJ Assist the SR Project Manager with Scheduling, Client Liaison, Planning meetings with Sr Level Associates. Clerical duties as well. Compliance Specialist/Administrative Department Coordinator Joseph Cory Company - Secaucus, NJ - October 2010 to November 2015 (5 years, 1 month) Administered Contractor/Driver qualification processes for those operating under the DOT of Joseph Cory Holdings, LLC.  Worked in conjunction with other field operations to supply information/determinations for contractor/driver status changes.  Cross trained employees company-wide in operations and corporate functions.  Managed and educated 3 Regions, 21 facilities, and 30 managers on DOT Compliance.  Maintained and updated employee hiring, firing and progress reports.  Conducted contractor file prescreening processes; ran background checks, Motor Vehicle Reports, and job verifications.  Tracked and monitored contractor billing for DOT Physicals, Drug screens and backgrounds. Consumer Affairs and Claims Specialist/Legal Assistant Goya Foods Inc - Secaucus, NJ - September 2010 to April 2011 (7 months) Provided nationwide administrative support to various departments on consumer affairs and claims.  Assisted and responded to daily customer inquiries via phone and Microsoft Outlook.  Prepared and delivered correspondence and reports to claim customers.  Investigated and evaluated claims through constant contact and communication with claimants, witnesses, customers, adjusters and suppliers to access potential liability.  Negotiated and settled claims; organized hard copy and electronic case documents; managed electronic files and prepared binders.  Researched current events and performed key work searches in Lexis and other news databases.  Proofread and edited attorney compositions to ensure optimal accuracy (grammar, usage, and content). Legal Secretary Lefcowicz and Gottfried - New York, NY - 2007 to 2008 (1 year) Analyzed client medical records from hospitals, and rehabilitation facilities.  Translated and interpreted key information for Spanish speaking clients.  Maintained files for client medical history and scheduling calendar.  Prepared legal documents and performed clerical duties as required. Legal Secretary John Eyerman Esq - New York, NY - 2006 to 2007 (1 year) Arranged court calendar for attorneys; handled business correspondence between attorney and adoption agencies; liaised with attorney/client to ensure satisfaction during adoption processes; prepared legal documents, and conducted and performed daily office operations. Education MBA in Public Admin Keller Graduate School of Management - Paramus, NJ December 2013 BA in Criminal Justice Kean University - Union, NJ May 2006 AA in Liberal Arts Hudson County Community College - Jersey City, NJ May 2003 Skills Office 2016 (10+ years), Management (10+ years), Business Analysis (5 years), Advertising (10+ years), Consulting (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Legal Research (10+ years), Accounting (5 years)Associate Analyst New York, NY - I am currently employed as a data analyst for an advertising agency in New York City, analyzing the results of advertising campaigns to make recommendations for the strategists and media buyers. I also previously, analyzed strength test data to determine injury risk for the professional soccer players at the Austin Aztex professional soccer team. I am also currently a graduate student at Columbia University in the City of New York, seeking a Masters of Science in Applied Analytics. Willing to relocate to: New York, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Associate Analyst One Nine Media - New York, NY - April 2016 to Present (4 months) As an associate analyst, I analyze the results of advertising campaigns to make recommendations for the strategists and media buyers. Athletic Training Assistant Austin Aztex Professional Soccer Club - Austin, TX - February 2015 to August 2015 (6 months) Tracked players' daily weight and heart rate before and after training sessions and matches, and players' nightly sleep patterns to ensure players were maintaining a proper standard of rest, rehydration and nutrition. Strength and Conditioning Data Analyst Austin Axtex Professional Soccer Club - Austin, TX - February 2015 to August 2015 (6 months) Created spreadsheets to record left-limb and right-limb strength test results and to compare these results by calculating the Limb Symmetry Index to predict a player's risk for non-contact injury. Project was a component of the dissertation of Christie Powell, PhD, University of Texas at Austin. Volunteer Goalkeeping Coach John Paul II High School - Corpus Christi, TX - August 2013 to May 2014 (9 months) Educational Information Livingston, Jason - 2014 to 2014 (1 month) Livingston, Jason. A Model for Improved Team-Wide Game Play in Soccer, Unpublished Capstone Project, Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi.  A mathematical model simulating the outcome of a soccer game between two teams of two players. Players adhere to a set of possible decisions, prioritizing passing and movement without the ball over movement with the ball to determine if goals can be scored using such a strategy.    SIGNIFICANT COURSES  Applied Probability and Statistics  Applied Modeling  Partial Differential Equations  Differential Equations  Problem Solving Combinatorics  Calculus 1, 2 &3  Discrete Mathematics  Linear Algebra  Macroeconomics  Managerial Accounting  Technology of the Digital Age  Physics 1 & 2  Chemistry 1  Topology  Abstract Algebra  Real Analysis  Complex Analysis Education Masters of Science in Applied Analytics Columbia University in the City of New York - New York, NY 2016 to 2018 Bachelor of Science in Mathematics Concordia University Texas - Austin, TX December 2015 Skills Microsoft Excel (3 years), Microsoft Access (1 year), Microsoft Word, Analytics (3 years), SQL (1 year) Publications A Model for Improved Team-Wide Game Play in Soccer A mathematical model simulating the outcome of a soccer game between two teams of two players. Players adhere to a set of possible decisions, prioritizing passing and movement without the ball over movement with the ball to determine if goals can be scored using such a strategy. Unpublished graduation capstone. Additional Information SIGNIFICANT COURSES  Applied Probability and Statistics  Applied Modeling  Partial Differential Equations  Differential Equations  Problem Solving Combinatorics  Calculus 1, 2 &3  Discrete Mathematics  Linear Algebra  Macroeconomics  Technology of the Digital Age  Physics 1 & 2  Chemistry 1  Topology  Abstract Algebra  Real Analysis  Complex AnalysisData Analyst/Business Analyst Data Analyst/Business Analyst - Freddie Mac New York, NY - • 8+years of diverse experience as a Business and Data Analyst/UAT Tester, Data Analysis, Reporting Analysis and Project Managementin multiple IT domains  • Data warehousing Strategies and Solutions,ETL design& development, Dimensional Modeling,Data Mapping, Data Conversion, Data Profiling and Data Analysis  • Strong knowledge of Business Analysis methodologies and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall, Waterfall-Scrum (hybrid), and Agile-Scrum.  • Knowledge and understanding of Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL), basic concepts of data flow, data enrichment, data consolidation, change data capture and transformation.  • Data analysis using Excel pivot tables, formulas (v-lookup and others), SumProduct, Index, Match, data validation, conditional formatting, Sorting and Filtering.  • Excellent skills in Data Quality Analysis, Data Requirement Analysis, data Modeling and Use Case Development  • Hands on experience of Data manipulation, Data Prioritization, performance testing on Netezza and Oracle using SQLscripts.  • With Excel/VBAand MS Access implemented, developed, and supported financial applications regarding Fixed Income, Derivatives, Risk Management, Futures, Options  • Sound knowledge of concepts like Gap Analysis, Data profiling and Data Cleansing.  • Extensive knowledge in working on Data Consolidation, Data Integration of various external systems  • Experience in Data Transformation, Data Loading, Data Extracting and Performance Tuning.  • Very proficient in writing ETL Mapping documents and Source to Target Transformations, maintaining Data Dictionary.  • Strong understanding of Data Modeling and ETL process in data warehouse environment  • UML methodology.  • Efficient using various Requirement Elicitation/gathering techniques like user interviews, workshops, email surveys, JAD sessions with clients, developers and QA Analysts and referring to existing system documentation and procedures.  • Skilled in preparing Business Cases, Business Requirements Documents, Use Cases, Functional and Technical Specification Documents, Requirement Traceability, Traceability matrices, Test plans, Test scripts and Software Development Plans.  • Experience in creating user stories in Rally  • Experienced in UML and Use Case Analysis, identifying Key performance indicators (KPI), and Change Management.  • Defining Test Cases, analyzing bugs, interaction with team members in fixing errors, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and knowledge of QTP and Quality Center. Excellent knowledge in creating User Acceptance Criteria for various stages of software testing.  • Experienced in managing client-interactions, project planning, scheduling, and development teams  • Conducted Joint application development (JAD) sessions with relevant Subject Matter Experts to assess and document current configuration.  • Created data flow diagrams, data mapping from Source to stage and Stage to Target mapping documents indicating the source tables, columns, data types, transformations required and business rules to be applied.  • Excellent Team Building and Problem Solving skills in conjunction with strong Technology and Engineering background  • Ability to manage (Multiple) project tasks with changing priorities and tight deadlines.  • Ability to articulate alternative solutions and reasoning behind the alternatives. Excellent communication and presentation skills along with strong interpersonal & analytical skills Work Experience Data Analyst/Business Analyst Freddie Mac - McLean, VA - January 2014 to Present 2016  Project details:  Early Funding: Application for the lenders to receive funding on an entire pool as early as one day after pool transmission and as many as 45 days before the SIFMA settlement date, making funds available for new originations.As an analyst worked on the application requirements, data requirements, change requests and testing.  Responsibilities  • Conduct meetings with Business Analysts and Business stake holders to understand the requirements  • Involved with all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies throughout the project life cycle.  • Gathered, analyzed, documented business and technical requirements from both formal and informal sessions and validated the needs of the business stakeholders.  • Data Mapping: Create mapping documents for ETL implementation; Create mapping documents from Oracle data source to Teradata target tables.  • Performed analysis on existing MS Access model to understand the methodology of the forecasting model  • Conducted weekly meetings for deciding the Policies and Procedures to be followed while constructing reporting portals.  • Data analysis using Excel pivot tables, formulas (v-lookup and others), SumProduct, Index, Match, data validation, conditional formatting, Sorting and Filtering.  • Analyzed and prepared the users 'AS-IS' workflow scenarios and the 'TO-BE' business processes.  • Wrote SQL Queries for data analysis and back end testing  • Performed the requirement analysis, impact analysis and documented the requirements.  • Followed a systematic approach to elicit, organize, and document requirements of the system.  • Reviewed the Joint Requirement Documents (JRD) with the cross functional team to analyze the high level requirements.  • Interacted with client and the Technical Team for requirement gathering and translation of Business Requirements to Technical specifications.  • Conducted interviews, meetings and JAD sessions during the process of Requirement Gathering.  • Planned and documented procedures for data processing and prepared data flow diagrams for the application.  • Prepared Functional Design Specifications (FDS) employing Use case scenarios, sequence diagrams and class diagrams.  • Documented Test Cases and assisted the QA Team with the Test Plan. Documented the Traceability Matrix for tracing the requirements and the Test Cases related to them.  • Prepared Demo on SharePoint for various businesses to get new approvals.  • Performed User Acceptance testing and documented detailed results.  Environment: MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio Outlook), SQL, VBAUML, Requisite Pro and Data Mapping/Modeling, MS Project, Rally, DOORS Business System Analyst Wells Fargo - December 2012 to December 2013 Wells Fargo Bank operates a Student Funds Disbursement site as an agent for and on behalf of selected Universities. The application University Funds Disbursement (UFD) accumulates Disbursement History for students from available internal sources. Data will be stored and available to be transmitted via web services when student requests that function on the Student UI. UFD also maintains a user Interface that allows Business Users, the ability to add new variable content for on-boarding Institutions of Higher Learning (IHL) for University Funds Disbursement.    Responsibilities  • Created User Requirement Document, Business Requirement Document (BRD), and Functional Requirement Specification (FRS)  • Worked closely with sales team and business analysts and performed detailed analysis of business and technical requirements and designed the solution by customizing various standard objects of SalesForce.com (SFDC).  • Involved in integrating web service with SalesForce.com to load leads back and forth from Salesforce.com to Legacy and vice versa.  • Developed and configured various Reports and Report Folders for different user profiles based on the need in the organization.  • Configured out of the box reports and dashboards as well as custom reports.  • Estimated time required to deliver project artifacts and reports progress toward delivery goals throughout the project  • Assisted the PM on various projects throughout the Project Management Life Cycle (PMLC) including Project Charter, Project Plan and Resource allocation  • Prepared and analyzed AS IS and TO BE in the existing architecture and performed Gap Analysis  • Created workflow scenarios, designed new process flows and documented the Business Process and various Business Scenarios and activities of the business from the conceptual to procedural level using Documentum  • Worked as an Interface between the Users and the different teams involved in the application development for the better understanding of the Business and IT Processes  • Followed a structured approach to organize Requirements into logical groupings of essential Business Processes, Business Rules, and Information needs that ensures any Critical Requirements are not missed  • Managed and traced requirements using Rational Requisite Pro  • Followed the UML based methods using Microsoft Visio to create: Use Cases Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, State Chart Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and Collaboration Diagrams  • Prepared Logical Data Models that contains set of Entity Relationship Diagrams and Data Flow Diagrams and supporting documents and descriptions of the Relationships between the data elements to analyze and document the Business Data Requirements  • Worked extensively with the QA team for designing Test Plan and Test Cases for the User Acceptance Testing  Environment:Saleforce.com platform, Workflow & Approvals, Reports, Rational Enterprise Suite, DOORS, Quality Center, SQL Server, Rally, MS Visio, MS project Business Analyst Verizon - Hayward, CA - March 2008 to November 2012 Broadband Portal (BBPortal) is an online portal supporting activation/replenishment of data plans of iPads and other data devices. The project was implemented under aggressive timeline adopting agile methodology. The application supports activation of the data devices on both postpaid and prepaid plans.  Responsibilities  • Interacted with the product managers and gathered requirements for the business definition  • Created Functional Requirements Document (FRDs), Functional Specifications Document (FSDs) and Traceability Matrices for application development  • Involved in the stack sessions, and met with all stakeholders to understand, articulate, and document the requirements  • Assisted Scrum Master with facilitating sprint planning, daily stand-up meetings, release meetings and other scrum related meetings  • Facilitated JAD sessions with the management, developers and analysts from all the dependent systems/applications and business users to refine functional requirements and to perform the Impact Analysis  • Prepared PowerPoint slides to effectively communicate with various stakeholders  • Created mock up diagrams using MS VISIO and provided the screenshots replicating the changes to the User Interface (UI) as per the requirements. User Interface Requirements were optimized for mobile and touch screen interfaces  • Worked on MS Visio to design and create Process Flow Charts, Activity diagrams with Swim Lanes, Data Flow Diagrams and Use Case Diagrams  • Created spreadsheets using MS EXCEL in data gathering stages for requirements mapping  • Performed GAP Analysis, designed new business process flows, and documented various business scenarios  • Served as a Business Liaison between the Product managers and the Developers helping them in understanding the functional behavior of the Internal Systems  • Conducted cross-functional meetings to discuss the impacts from cross-functional systems  • Created Testing Requirements Document (TRDs) and Test Case Scenarios to test functional changes to the system/application as per the project requirements  • Interacted with the testing team while developing the functional test cases and regression test cases  • Kept a track of all QAT and UAT bugs/defects and helped the testers to resolve the issues and made a report of all the defects which were resolved and which were not using MS EXCEL  • Facilitated Partner integration testing through triaging and routing the defects on a daily basis  Environment: UML, MS Visio, Mercury Quality Center, SQL Server. Additional Information Technical profile  • Project Methodologies: SDLC, Agile/Scrum, Waterfall,  • Tools: UML, Share Point, HP Quality Centre, MS Visio, Rally, DOORS  • Software Tools: Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), MS Project, Sybase, VBA  • Database Tools: Oracle 9i and 10 g, MS SQL Server  • ETL/Reporting Tools:, BO, Crystal Reports, MicroStrategySupport Analyst Glen Oaks, NY - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Support Analyst CEGID CORP - New York, NY - October 2013 to Present 274 Madison Avenue  Support Analyst - North America    • Provide level 1 and level 2 helpdesk support for our North America customers using our proprietary POS software  • Level 2 support for our customer corporate office users  • Create call tickets in proprietary Remedy AR call system  • Close tickets within SLA guidelines  • Assisted professional services with setup of new configuration for clients in office and on site Business Support Analyst FRETTE NORTH AMERICA - January 2011 to October 2013 • Support 12-user Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains environment in the following modules: General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Distribution Suite (SOP, POP, Inventory), Fixed Assets, Integration Manager, Bank Reconciliation, Intercompany, Modifier, SmartList, System Manager, Ethotech Commissions  • Assist with on-site support for corporate staff for Microsoft Office Suite, Celerant POS  • Assist with phone support for our retail locations with Celerant POS, PC Charge Systems Analyst/Network Administrator KATE'S PAPERIE - September 2002 to January 2011 • Provide and maintain hardware support and software updates for workstation and servers at multiple retail locations and the corporate office  • Provide phone and on-site support for retail and corporate staff with: Counterpoint SQL, Microsoft Office Suite and Great Plains  • Install and configure server applications including backup and anti-virus software  • Install hardware and peripherals on servers such as scsi tape and hard drives and raid controller cards  • Install hardware and peripherals to workstations and laptops such as hard drives, main boards and scanners  • Personally planned, organized and supervised the installation of all computer and telephone wiring in new corporate office and move in schedule  • Maintain exchange server and create, delete and modify e-mail accounts  • Assisted outside vendors to install and configure Avaya PBX systems enabling me to modify voice mail system, and phone system without outside vendor support  • Use Microsoft access to generate custom reports from Great Plains for use by senior management for financial and budgeting purposes  • Performed and responsible for all IT functions related to physical inventory counts including programming of Symbol PDT scanners  • Support e-commerce team with importing orders into our Point of Sale system  • Customized FRX Reporting Software for Great Plains financial statements  • Installed and configured pc cash drawers, wireless access points, switches, etc.  • Assisted management by researching new hardware for our web server  • Create SQL views from existing tables  • Monitor and troubleshoot end of day multi-site processing  • Support for retail operations during nights and weekend  • Use Microsoft TechNet Plus to aid in troubleshooting Windows workstation and server software  • Perform daily backups and file restoration Level 2 Technician THE MONY GROUP - October 2000 to September 2002 • Support MONY Securities traders on trade desk and MONY executive offices and assistants.  • Create images of windows 9x and 2000 Dell desktops and Dell and IBM laptops.  • Configure and troubleshoot palm pilots and IPAQ pocket pc 2002 to sync with Lotus Notes in the office and remotely.  • Familiar with Pocket PC 2002 and wireless networking.  • Use Microsoft TechNet to troubleshoot Windows 9x, 2000, XP Microsoft Office Suite 97, 2000 and XP.  • Familiar with Fidelity Officeworks, MAXX Broker, Image Inquiry, Freedom Software, BCMS-VU.  • Install and configure VPN support on home desktops and laptops running windows 9x and 2000. Senior Technician YOUNG & RUBICAM - August 1999 to October 2000 • Strong technical aptitude with exceptional talent in training and an ability to effectively translate technical information and procedures to end-users.  • Assisted manager in supervising 10 helpdesk technicians.  • Organized helpdesk into different levels of support.  • Provided network support using Novell NetWare Admin. Changed user passwords, extended grace logins, unlocked user accounts, checked and updated user profile, group memberships, and rights to folder on the network.  • Troubleshot and repaired Dell computers, Dell and IBM laptops, and HP printers, plus installed PC components such as CD-ROM drives, modems, scanners and printers.  • Setup and configured 3com Palm Pilot to individual user needs.  • Configured palm pilot to synchronize with Lotus Notes via Pylon pro conduit software and Pocketmirror to sync with Microsoft Outlook.  • Setup and configured desktop and laptop computers for new users with standard software setup.  • Third level of support until resolution and handled upset end-users by taking ownership of the call.  • Communication and interpersonal skills with ability to listen effectively and respond appropriately.  • Supported traveling employees and helpdesk managers from other sites.  • Researched Microsoft Support on web and TechNet to troubleshoot our windows 95, 98, NT and 2000 desktop environment.  • Supported 600 users with software including Lotus Notes, Microsoft Outlook, Windows 95, 98, NT, 2000, Microsoft Office Suite 97, 2000, and Peoplesoft.  • Worked with user manager for domains for NT.  • Assisted project manager and technician with rollout of windows 2000 professional. Help Desk Analyst MAIDENFORM, INC - December 1997 to August 1999 • Delegated calls to technicians and network administrators.  • Supported 250 local users, 80 remote and two network administrators at different plants.  • Solved majority of network calls by telephone and software calls in person and by telephone.  • Managed and run helpdesk.  • Reported directly to Director of Operations and Technology. Education Pulse Business Systems Novax Technical Center Business skills Katharine Gibbs School Christopher Columbus High School Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Windows (10+ years), SQL (6 years), Great Plains (6 years), TCP/IP (10+ years), Networking (10+ years), Wireless (10+ years) Certifications msceInventory control clerk, order analyst, assistant supervisor Shelton, CT - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Inventory control clerk, order analyst, assistant supervisor Omega engr - Stamford, CT - March 1998 to May 2016 (18 years, 2 months) distributions, inventory control, shipping/receiving, production operations, order analyst, assistant supervisor Inventory control, purchasing,shipping,receiving Waste mgt - Kettleman City, CA - 1995 to 1996 (1 year) purchasing, inventory control, shipping/receiving Supervisor, lead person, expeditor, data entry, clerk typist, shipping Sikorsky Aircraft, UTC - Stratford, CT - 1980 to 1994 (14 years) production operations - spares/shipping - includes expediting,shipping,inventory control, Education Certificate in Business mgt Sacred Heart University - Fairfield, CA 1993Compliance Analyst Queens, NY - Work Experience Compliance Analyst JPMorgan Chase - New York, NY - November 2015 to August 2016 J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. December 2015 – August 2016     Compliance Analyst    Negative Media Corporation Dispositions.     • Examined negative news narratives for materiality.   • Performed due diligence on the client’s corporate structure to ensure information is appropriately related.  • Researched ongoing investigations to determine status of the matter, fine amounts, and the regulator administrating the fine.   • Authored templates highlighting the variation of risks and next level recommendations.     Politically Exposed Parties Dispositions    • Analyzed clients with Members of the Board/Beneficial Ownership positions to determine the risk of political exposure.  • Researched positions and family members to determine senior holding status and level of government influence.  • Authored templates and saved supporting documents to record the risk attributed to the client.     AML Negative Media Client Screen     • Analyzed JPM’s customer profiles against negative media risky entities.  • Authored concise commentaries on AML/KYC risk and recommendation to next level client due diligence team.   • Researched key elements of identity in Lexis Nexis to investigate dubious accounts.  • Communicated with bankers to collect insufficient client information. Research Assistant Standard & Poor's - New York, NY - August 2013 to March 2014 •Created an internal statistic report for management that summarized the availability of current and past year financial documents.    •Obtained macroeconomic data from internal and external financial systems to complete valuation criteria for individual government authorities.    •Reviewed financial documentation to ensure its validity and for large inconsistencies against last years reporting numbers.    •Generated performance models that evaluated the allocation of resources.    •Analyzed debt obligations to determine the net balances and repayment capability  .  •Generated comparative models to measure the credit risk of an Issuer.     •Scrutinized bond indentures to collect new financial figures and check on potential limitations of the borrowers fiscal activities.    • Generated comparative models to measure the credit risk of an Issuer.     • Scrutinized bond indentures to collect new financial figures and check on potential limitations of the borrowers fiscal activities. Education B.A. in Business Administration CUNY BARUCH COLLEGE - New York, NY January 2006 to June 2010 Skills Financial Reporting, Microsoft Office Suite, Fixed-Income, Equities, Finance Additional Information SKILLS    Microsoft Office Suite, Bloomberg, Economic Database System, Blackberry, Conversational fluency in French    FINANCIAL MODELING EXPERIENCE    Wall Street Prep  Financial and Valuation Modeling Training.  • Build a Pro Forma Model to estimate the earnings projections for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE: CL)  • Constructed DCF models to estimate the intrinsic value of CVS.    JOB RECOGNITION    S&P ACE Award for Teamwork April 2011Credit Analyst Credit Analyst Palisades Park, NJ - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Credit Analyst Samsung Techwin America - Ridgefield Park, NJ - August 2015 to Present One of the largest surveillance solution company producing security cameras, network systems, IP kits, recording and storage solutions, lenses, controller systems to provide cutting edge technologies to the customers.    Credit Analyst  • Compare liquidity, profitability, and credit histories of individual or company being evaluated with similar establishments to determine risk.  • Review individual or commercial customer files to identify and select delinquent accounts for collection.  • Evaluating clients' credit data and financial statements in order to determine the degree of risk involved in selling products to them.  • Evaluate customer records and recommend payment plans based on earnings, savings data, payment history, and purchase activity.  • Analyzing client records and using the data to recommend payment plans.  • Carries out research for industry monitoring including examining corporate or municipal financial information. Loan Administrator Hana Bank New York Agency - Manhattan, NY - June 2011 to December 2014 Commercial Lending  • Analyze borrowers' financial status, credit to determine feasibility of granting loans.  • Evaluates loan applications and documentation by confirming credit worthiness.  • Responsible for customer credit files up to date including financial statements, financial analysis, and industry comparison analysis as requested by management.  • Communicate with an attorney, if necessary, on document preparation and title work.  • Process all modifications, extensions, renewals of existing loans.  • Execute loan loss reserve process monthly. (ex. General loan loss reserve reports)  • Interface with internal, external audit and regulatory agencies. (Accume Partners, DFS, FRB) Education State University of New York at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY June 2011 Bachelor of Science in Financial Analysis UB Management School Additional Information SKILLS    • Ability to effectively interact with internal and external customers  • Previous experience with loan documentation and commercial loan operations  • Computer: SAP, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPointBusiness Analyst IT Analyst Business Analyst IT Analyst - British Petroleum, (TCS) New York, NY - 8 years of Industry experience as a Business Analyst with solid understanding of Business Requirements Gathering, Business Process Mapping, Evaluating Data Sources, Translating Requirements into Specifications, Application Design.  Well-versed with all the phases of SDLC, including methodologies like Waterfall approach, IBM RUP, Agile and Scrum.  Experienced in Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD) and preparing UML diagrams including class diagrams, use-cases and activity diagrams.  Excellent writing skills in Business requirements document (BRD), Functional requirements Specification (FRS), Systems Design Specification, Systems Requirements Specification (SRS).  Expertise in broad range of technologies, including business process tools such as Microsoft Project, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Visio, Data Modeling and Design.  Worked with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools like MicroStrategy and Informatica  Expertise in RDBMS concepts, SQL queries and PL SQL functions, stored procedures and triggers  Experienced in SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS), Executing Queries and Running Stored Procedures  Knowledge of Data-warehouse and ETL process  Experience in Microsoft business intelligence(MSBI) tools- SSIS, SSAS and SSR  Familiar with Client-Server architecture, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and Model-View-Controller (MVC) paradigm  Experience working in various domains like Accounting Auditing, Loan Mortgage, Financial (Banking) and well-versed in Fixed Income, Equity Income and Derivatives (Futures, Forwards, Options and Swaps)  Experienced implementing Operational Risk Management and Mitigation strategies.  Possess an understanding of the trading and settlement process to be able to put the activities of front, middle and back office into perspective.  Well-versed with managing documents using Microsoft SharePoint Server and VSS.  Experienced in writing test plans and defining test cases involving GUI Testing and Prototype Testing, Regression Testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  Experienced in manual and automated testing for both front-end and backend. Extensively used automated test tools of Mercury like Quality Center, Quick Test Pro, Win Runner, Test Director, Performance and Load Runner Testing.  Extensive experience in developing Use Cases, creating Screen Mockups, conducting Gap Analysis and Impact Analysis, SWOT analysis, Cost Benefit Analysis and Risk Analysis.  Experience in facilitating Joint Requirement Planning (JRP) sessions with Business User Groups, conducting Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions with IT Groups and Conflict Management with Project team members.  Experienced in tracking, documenting, capturing, managing and communicating the requirements using Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) Work Experience Business Analyst IT Analyst British Petroleum, (TCS) - Warrenville, IL - July 2012 to Present British Petroleum is one the biggest petroleum company in USA. Worked as Technical Analyst in BP, Involved in British Petroleum for Managing projects, Making project plans, Making updates, Communicate with offshore team, Gathering the requirements from client, Delivering the requirements and Testing MSP scripts on Handhelds.  Responsible for supporting .Net Technologies.  Responsible for making SRS reports.  Responsible for Prepare, read, write and understand program specification  Responsible for updating the OS of handhelds.  Responsible for making MSP script for handhelds.  Responsible for making project plan.  Worked as a Team lead for offshore.  Responsible for making Wireframes documents.  Analyzed the business needs of clients and stakeholders to help identify business problems and propose solutions.  Responsible for gathering the requirements by using Elicitation Techniques.  Worked as Technical Analyst to understand the requirements and explain it to the developers team.  Followed the ways to optimize the queries of database.  Organize the status meetings and send the Status Report (Daily, Weekly etc.) to the Client.  Understand the business requirements and made Business Requirement Documents, Functional Requirement Documents on Waterfall methodology.  Knowledge of Project Management Tools and Techniques.  Responsible for making UML diagrams (ERD, Flow Chart, and Activity Diagram) on Microsoft Visio.  Responsible for making DFD diagrams and Presentation to Stake Holders.  Performing UAT testing with Senior Test Members.  Implemented agile methodology.  Scheduled weekly calls with clients and based on prepared Meeting Minutes.  Involved in Daily Scrum Meetings and Sprint Planning.  Responsible for working on Win-forms with C#  Responsible for taking the requirement from the client and implementing it in the project.  Made Technical Reports, User Manual, Supporting Documents and ERDS by using MS SQL 2008.  Deal with the Database Team, maintaining the database time to time.  Lead the project as a developer  Used data grid view to view and modify manipulate data.  Used Ado.net objects such as Data Reader, Data Set and Data Adapter.  Developed Web Pages by Using C#, Asp.Net and Visual Studio 2010.  Involved in drawing process flow diagrams and work flow diagrams in all phases of the SDLC.  Assisted Project Teams in preparing Software Requirement Specifications (SRS), User Interface Design, designing of Application Architecture Database Modeling.  Evaluating the Design Quality (Physical design checks, Normalization, Standards, Security)  Interacting with the stakeholders to get a better understanding of client business processes and gather business requirements.  Used SDLC Development Cycle with the .Net Frame Work 4.0.  Migrate projects from .Net framework 2.0 to .Net framework 4.0 (Visual Studio 2003 to Visual Studio 2010).    Environment:  MS Office Suite, MS Visio, Windows, Linux, Ubuntu, SQL Developer,.NET 2.0 and 4.0, ASP.NET, SQL Scripts, Visual Studio 2008 and 2012 , MSSQL 2005 and 2008 Business Analyst RADIAN GROUP INC - Philadelphia, PA - May 2010 to July 2012 Credit Risk Management System: The Risk Management system would assist financial analysts with credit risk management. The application extracts information about Mortgage-Backed securities from various source files and systems and provides a mechanism to conduct complex analysis in these data elements. It also helps Radian to meet various requests from ratings agencies as well as to improve the surveillance ability.    Roles Responsibilities:  Created the Project Charter under the supervision of the Project Manager.  Created the Work Breakdown Structure in MS Project based on the supplied template.  Converted the WBS to project schedule by assigning dates and resources to tasks and deliverables.  Attended project scoping executive meetings, defined detailed project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals.  Analyzed business requirements and converted them into Functional Requirements, Business Rules and Non-Functional Requirements.  Documented requirements per System Requirement Specification templates.  Interviewed business SMEs to solicit requirements and remediate gaps in business requirements.  Used DOORs to maintain requirements and to create requirements to business rules traceability.  Conducted various requirements walkthrough sessions to get requirements approved by SMEs and business sponsors.  Created ClearQuest tickets for all change requests.  Attended CCB meetings to present enhancement requests.  Created UAT plan, conducted a detailed walkthrough with all the teams involved in UAT and executed the UAT Plan.  Created UAT Cases and assisted in the creation of UAT scripts.  Assisted the SMEs in UAT execution and led defect tracking and resolution.  Managed issues and risks by keeping risk and issues log up-to-date, created CQ tickets for defects and escalated defects and issues as needed. Business Analyst Falcon Pharmaceuticals - July 2008 to May 2010 Falcon Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., an affiliate of Alcon Laboratories Inc., is the largest manufacturer and marketer of generic ophthalmic and otic products in the U.S. Falcon distributes a wide range of generic ophthalmic and otic products.    Responsibilities:  Interacted with business users to conduct extensive requirements analysis for Enterprise reporting (BI) initiative.  Facilitated JAD sessions to elicit requirements from business users and various stake holders.  Met key business partners to identify current and future business needs.  Participated in the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Rational Unified Process (RUP) methodology.  Prepared ad-hoc reports that analyze a specific scenario based on a situation that monitors current performance, creates a potential opportunity, or supports other functions.  Involved in full life cycle of Business objects reporting Application.  Reports were formatted according to the user requirements using Business objects functionalities like Breaks, Sections, Calculations, Slice Dice, Drill down and Variables.  Worked closely with the Enterprise Data warehouse team and Business Intelligence Architecture team to understand repository objects that support the business requirement and process.  Identified source systems, their connectivity, related tables and fields and ensure data suitably for mapping.  Prepared Logical Data Models that contained set of diagrams and supporting documents containing the essential business elements, detailed definitions, and descriptions of the relationships between the data elements to analyze and document business data requirements.  Assisted in on-going process improvement efforts to ensure test planning, execution, and reporting is effective, efficient, standardized, coordinated, and integrated.  Used SQL to test various reports.  Create test scripts in QC and facilitate Business users in UAT sessions to ensure the reports are delivered as per the report mockups that are approved in Business Requirement Documents Business Solutions Documents.  Wrote Traceability Matrix mapping requirements to test cases.  Actively participated in weekly meeting focused on resolving technical anomalies in the testing process.    Environment: Excel, Oracle, Business Objects, Informatica, Power Point, MS Project 2003, MS Word and MS Visio. Project Coordinator Merrill Lynch - Bangalore, Karnataka - May 2006 to July 2008 DSP Merrill Lynch Limited is one of the leading wealth management, capital markets and advisory companies in India. As an investment bank, it is a leading trader and underwriter of securities across a broad range of asset classes and serves as a strategic advisor to corporations, governments, institutions and individuals.    Roles Responsibilities:  Coordinated with the onsite Project Manager and led a team of 2 module leads and 8 software engineers offshore.  Created WBS, Project scope statement, traceability matrix and involved in verify scope with the customer and stakeholders.  Formulated advanced SQL queries for Data extraction, manual reconciliation and analytical reports using MS Excel (Pivot tables and chart).  Involved in developing the traceability matrix in Excel Sheet.  Used Use case estimation and coordinated with human resource to identify the correct resources for the team.  Created the user defined applications, database, procedures and user controls. Responsible for the testing, fixing the bugs and troubleshooting the technical problems.  Followed CMMi Level 5 standard and implemented iterative development methodologies and progressive elaboration. Trained and helped other developers.  Prepared communication plan, Risk Management Plan, and HR plan. Additional Information Technical Skills:    Operating Systems: Windows XP 2000 NT 98 2008, UNIX, Linux, Ubuntu  Programming Languages: SQL, PL SQL, T SQL, Visual Basic 6.0, XML, HTML, JAVA, Javascript, CSS, Piglatin, Hive  Big Data Ecosystems: Hadoop, MapReduce, Cloudera, HDFS, HBase, Zookeeper, Hive, Pig, Sqoop, flume  Databases: NoSQL, Oracle 10g 9i 8i, MS SQL Server 2000 2005 2008, MS Access  Testing Tools: NetBeans, Eclipse,  Data modeling tools: ERwin 4.O, Sybase Power Designer, Rational Rose, MS Visio  ERP: SAP R 3 4.6C, ECC 6.0  Reporting Tool: BEx Explorer, Webi Rich client, Microstrategy web, Microstrategy desktop, SSRS  Data warehousing: Star-Schema Modeling, Snowflakes Modeling, FACT, dimension tables, OLAP, OLTP, SAP-BW 3.5, SAP BI 7.0,  SAP BW 7.3, IBM Data Stage, SSIS, SSAS  Software Package: IBM Sterling Order ManagementCREDENTIALING ANALYST Derby, CT - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CREDENTIALING ANALYST AMN Healthcare Inc. - Wilton, CT - June 2015 to Present (1 year, 2 months) Advanced to Credentialing Analyst overseeing Healthcare Provider candidate compliance files for candidates on assignment with client facilities by partnering with internal sales and clinical teams, creating urgency with candidates and reinforcing Joint Commission, federal, state and organization mandates in order to achieve compliance for on-time start date ultimately impacting bill rate, and revenue.  • Manage a high-volume workload within a deadline-driven environment. Oversee the administrative credentialing and compliance for medical staff, physicians, nursing and allied health professionals.  • Work closely with the hospital medical staff office to credential files in accordance with The Joint Commission standards.  • Identified areas of inefficiency in credentialing system and recommended improvements for the tracking of credentialing data. SALES SUPPORT AND QUALITY SERVICES COORDINATOR ONWARD HEALTHCARE - Wilton, CT - April 2005 to June 2015 (10 years, 2 months) Coordinated and implemented the screening process for travel healthcare professionals while identifying and selecting the best qualified candidates. Responsible for maintaining quality assurance, compliance, customer service, travel and housing for the company, including regulatory, registry, The Joint Commission and State and Federal audits.  • Developed and implemented changes to compliance processes and standards resulting in improved audit scores. Registry scores increased from 79.2% to 98.1% in one year (2013).  • Awarded Champion of the Year in 2014 for outstanding services to internal and external customers. Officially commended for initiative, enthusiasm, tenacity, persuasiveness, intense customer focus and dependability in performance evaluations.  • Increased customer service ratings (as determined by the Net Promoter Score) within the housing department by improving relationships with housing vendors, hotels and extended stays. Provided additional customer service training and support to the Housing Department team members.  • Cultivated and nurtured effective working relationships with executives and upper management, persuading adoption of improved electronic application and hiring process. Education AS Social/Behavioral Science NORWALK COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Norwalk, CT 2014 to 2016 Additional Information Areas of Expertise  Customer Service  Joint Commission  Process Improvement  Team Leadership  Training/Development  Quality Assurance  Credentialing  Administrative Services  Quality Services  Networking  Microsoft OfficeAnalyst Stamford, CT - Willing to relocate to: New York, NY - Stamford, CT - New York, NY Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Analyst TAX DEXTER - New Milford, CT - January 2010 to April 2010 (3 months) • Created pivot tables to generate tax pricing sheets and invoices for clients.  • Prepared tax returns for small businesses and private clients using pro-series.  • Handled client relationship functions and performed customer service duties in reviewing tax documents and solving problem. Analyst VERIMERGE, Information Technology Company - Chicago, IL - July 2006 to June 2008 (1 year, 11 months) • Developed customer service relations with clients and expedited solutions to technology problems.  • Collaborated with a team to identify niche markets and researched business opportunities to increase customer base.  • Managed projects using a database to maintain sales data and helped develop strategies to increase sales.  • Created charts and performed analysis to demonstrate and analyze future cash flow projections for the firm. Analyst, Secondary Marketing Group CIT - Livingston, NJ - September 2002 to July 2005 (2 years, 10 months) • Created a database in excel using pivot tables and filters to manage and monitor pools of mortgage loans in delinquency, foreclosure and bankruptcies.  • Performed financial analysis in excel to identify the rates of default and delinquency on mortgage loans.  • Achieved a 30% cost reduction in loan repurchases by expediting the repurchase process in less than half the projected time.  • Analyzed mortgage data and created analytical reports for non-performing loans to be presented to clients.  • Created statements in excel to calculate interest rates, outstanding principals, default rates and repurchase values for mortgage loans  • Resolved non-performing loan problems by researching legal contracts and identifying breaches. Financial Analyst, Asset Backed Securities Group (Analyst Program) LEHMAN BROTHERS - New York, NY - July 2001 to July 2002 (1 year) • Prepared internal sales memoranda and commitment committee memoranda and participated in prospectus drafting.  • Conducted a historical spread analysis on asset backed transactions that were used to make recommendations to clients aimed at increasing funding volume, reducing cost of funds and diversifying investor base.  • Created financial models to calculate mortgage discount rates, principals, liquidating proceeds and bond cash flow amortization.  • Created graphic charts to demonstrate volumes of different classes of asset back transactions and trends of spreads.  • Conducted market research on asset-backed transactions which was used to determine new structural features that would enhance current transactions.  • Played a key role in establishing a recruiting team to Howard University and organized panel group discussions on campus.  Transaction experience includes:  ~ Ford Credit Owner Trust Series 2001-1 $5 billion lead-managed public debt offering.  ~ Toyota Auto Receivable Owner Trust Series 2001-A $1.2 billion co-managed public debt offering;  ~ Ford Credit Auto Owner Trust Series 2001-B $3.0 billion co-managed public debt offering. Financial Analyst Residential Finance Group - June 2000 to July 2001 (1 year, 1 month) • Developed an access database for residential mortgages to maintain data for bond face value, interest rates, coupon rates, maturity date and settlement date.  • Interacted with traders, accountants and lawyers to confirm the accuracy of the analysis incorporated in marketing materials and SEC documents.  • Managed database to track Lehman's weekly mortgage-backed securities issuance volume and reported results to external financial publications including Thomson Financial.  • Demonstrated leadership role by mentoring new candidates to identify their skill sets, interests and roles for various desk rotations. Summer Analyst, Private Client Group PAINEWEBBER - Washington, DC - June 1999 to August 1999 (2 months) • Conducted comparative analysis including rate of return, earning performance and stock price performance of companies for client investments.  • Prepared long-term retirement account performance reports using a financial framework designed to assist clients (with portfolio ranging from $20,000 to $500,000) to determine possible investment opportunities.  • Compiled detailed company information to create brief reports used by clients to assess the future growth potential of the companies. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance HOWARD UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF BUSINESS - Washington, DC May 2000 Additional Information SKILLS  Team player and strong work ethic Research and organizational skills Interpersonal skills  Effective communication and writing skills Quantitative and analytical skills Microsoft Excel  Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Word) Ability to multitaskAnalyst New York, NY - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Analyst Private adviser in Financial Markets; Preparation of technical and fundamental analysis of capital markets. Analyst Nilfisk Food - Ålborg - October 2014 to January 2015 Responsibilities included strategic analysis and search for a new market to enter.  Employment completed with a delivery of the company integrated study “Nilfisk Food: A Market Leader of the Global Industry”, which included in itself creation of unique framework for strategic analysis. Education Financial Markets / Through Coursera Yale University 2015 to 2016 Economics of Money and Banking / Through Coursera Columbia University in the City of New York 2015 to 2015 European Business Law / Through Coursera Lund University 2015 to 2015 BSc. in Economics and Business Administration Aalborg University - Ålborg 2012 to 2015 Financial Accounting / Through Coursera Wharton School of Business 2014 to 2014 Skills Microsoft Office (4 years), Metatrader 4, 5 (4 years), IBM SPSS (2 years) Additional Information Resume: Blends academic training within Economics and Business Administration field and holds various additional qualifications. Experienced financial markets trader. Is also experienced in solving business-related problems and providing detailed market analysis. Is able to effectively coordinate tasks to accomplish projects with timeliness and creativity. A skilled communicator with strong influencing abilities. Independent and highly-organized. Has experience of being a leader of multicultural teams consisting of individuals with different backgrounds. Speaks fluent English, Russian, Latvian, Spanish and Danish.Data Entry Analyst Data Entry Analyst - METLIFE Hollis, NY - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Entry Analyst METLIFE - Somerset, NJ - April 2002 to October 2015 Iselin & Somerset, NJ April 2002-present    Data Entry Analyst  • Oversees quality control and quality assurance process for all documentation  • Prepares documents for processing including: scanning, indexing/data entry, information verification, check and certification process  • Manages the final stages of the Transfer of Assets (TOA) process    Correspondence Coordinator Broker Dealer Services  • Reviewed and verified the agency mail log  • Logged mail into CTS and front-end imaging system Mutual Fund Processor NATHAN & LEWIS SECURITIES, INC - New York, NY - February 1997 to April 2002 Operations Department  • Provided support to brokers and other financial advisors by opening new accounts, reviewing and distributing daily reports, routing account applications to fund companies and coordinating trade issues  • Data entry and general administrative duties    Operations Support Associate Cashiering Department  • Settled mutual fund trades and submitted instructions to various fund companies  • Reviewed and distributed daily reports  • Processed client information and checks  • Provided general administrative support    Administrative Assistant Operations Department  • Provided general administrative support including: processing of client information, making daily bank deposits, distributing client annuity statements, data entry Education Diploma in Academic Springfield Gardens High School - Springfield Gardens, NY June 1997 Additional Information SKILLS  Proficient in the use of the financial software: BD Wise, NetxPro 360  Microsoft Office ApplicationsData Production Analyst/Technician Data Production Analyst/Technician New York, NY - To obtain full-time employ with advancement opportunities and to expand on my current skill set. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Production Analyst/Technician RVM INC - Manhattan, NY - August 2007 to June 2008 • Tested new production application which improved processing of projects by 5%  • Trained three new employees after six months  • Communicated with project managers and analyst team on the progress of various jobs  • Performed data processing, culling, image file manipulation, endorsing, OCR and conversion  • Informed programming department of printable file extensions that were not tiffed  • Provided searchable Electronic Documents according to client specifications  • Provided searchable documents to clients after hard copies have being scanned Computer Programming - Lab Assistant ASA Institute - The College of Excellence - Brooklyn, NY - January 2007 to June 2007 • Assisted students with class assignments and projects  • Supported the class instructor with administrative support  • Orientated Students on various Software Applications Food Prep, Cashier, Cook Mc Donald's - Brooklyn, NY - June 2003 to 2005 • Prep food according to Mc Donald's specification  • Train new employees and Assisted management when needed  • Provided Customer Service Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems St. Joseph's College - Brooklyn, NY May 2012 Associate in Computer Programming The College of Excellence - Brooklyn, NY May 2007 Diploma in Education Mico College - Kingston May 2005 Additional Information SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES    • Written Correspondence  • Detail oriented  • Prioritize job orders for efficiency  • Report preparation  • MS Excel  • MS Access  • MS Word  • MS PowerPoint  • Ms Outlook  • Pages  • Numbers  • Keynote  • Adobe Photoshop  • Illustrator  • SQL  • VB.Net and VB Script  • Java and Java Script  • MS SQL ServerSystem Analyst System Analyst - Columbia University Medical Center New York, NY - Join a stable and innovative company that is on the edge with technology. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience System Analyst Columbia University Medical Center - New York, NY - 1998 to Present (18 years, 7 months) Provided network and technical support for the Dept. of Surgery. Installation of needed software and instruction. Installation of new computers and smartphones to doctors and secretaries Maintenance of inter structure facility. Regular backup done daily and network analyst done to enhance operations. Repairs to equipment done when needed. Also coordinated repairs with other companies that have equipment under contract. ( Dell, HP, Apple, & Microsoft).  Setup satellite offices: White Plains, NY, Short Hills, NJ, Lawrence Hospital, Bx., Rockland Thoracic, Suffolk, Valley Hospital, NJ Scarsdale, NY, Astor Place, Bx. All with access back to hospital via network inter-structure which was coordinated and designed by operations department. Network Installer Columbia University - New York, NY - 1996 to 1998 (2 years) Helped new students connect to University's network and inter structure. Setting up access to network and instruction using email system Installed NIC cards in computers and other software when needed. Education BA Pace University - New York, NY 1981 A.A.S Borough of Manhattan Community College 1977 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Active Directory (3 years), Apple Software (3 years), TCP/IP (5 years) Certifications CompTIA A+ August 2013 Additional Information SKILLS  Network cable installer, Microsoft and Apple software installer. Knowledge of  Microsoft Server 2008 / 2012 Active Directory, Outlook / Email deployment  Windows 7 and 10 with knowledge of Windows XP  Knowledge of OS X. Operating system and software installation  TCP/IP Connectivity skills Network cable configurationFinancial and Data Analyst Financial Analyst Darien, CT - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Financial and Data Analyst PepsiCo - Somers, NY - October 2015 to December 2015 (2 months) Responsibilities  Financial Analyst   Analysis of Chart of Accounts for ZERO BASE BUDGETING.   Prepared , Analysed and Reported data for Smart Spending.   Hands on Experience with SAP and Oracle Systsem.   Advance Excel skills including VLOOKUP, Pivot Table, IF Statement and Formulas.    Accomplishments  Prepared Chart of Accounts for the Zero Base Budgeting.  Analysis of accounts for smart spending.    Skills Used  Advance Excel Skills.  SAP   Buisness Objects Financial Analyst Cadbury Schweppes - Rye, NY - April 2005 to August 2005 (4 months) Detailed monthly analysis of indirect overhead expenses of various cost centers in supply chain finance.  * Cost center variance analysis.  * Budgeting and forecasting of the indirect overhead cost centers.  * Worked on SAP system.  * Exposed to Hyperion system. Accountant Accountemps - Stamford, CT - November 2004 to March 2005 (4 months) Circle Trust (Mar '05)- Temp Accountant - Reconciliation of accounts between Mutual Funds & Trust Company.  * Coldwell Bankers (5 Weeks)- Temp Accountant - Reconciled Bank Accounts of a Real Estate Trust for 2004. Financial Analyst Wipro G.E. Medical Systems - Bangalore, Karnataka - October 2000 to January 2001 (3 months) Analysis of financial deliverables of a Sales team ( Sales, & Cash Collections )  * Reconciled Account Receivables between branch & headoffice accounts for Wipro GE Medical systems.  * Prepared & reported Aging analysis of Receivables for senior management.. Qualified Assistant M/S Agrawal Chhallani & Co(public accounting firm ) - 1998 to May 1999 (1 year, 4 months) Conducted Statutory & Tax Audits for companies as per Indian Income Tax Act. Article Clerk (Internship ) M/S Bang Gupta & Co (public accounting firm) - 1994 to 1997 (3 years) Coordinated and conducted Statutory Audits for Banks and Companies.  * Prepared Trial Balances, Balance sheets, Profit & loss accounts & schedules of Balance sheets of small Businessess.  * Drafted and formulated project reports for clients availing bank loans.  * Conducted a number of Bank Reconciliations. Education Chartered Accountant in Accounting , auditing, company law and taxes. Institute of Chartered Accountants of India - Nagpur, Maharashtra 1994 to 1998 Cost accountant in Costing , financial management accounting , ICWAI (Institute of Cost and Works Accountants of India) - Nagpur, Maharashtra 1993 to 1998 Bachelor of Commerce in Economics , commerce , accounting Kakatiya university - Sirpur, Andhra Pradesh 1991 to 1994 Skills Computer skills..• Advance Excel skills inclusding Pivot tables, VlookUp, IF Statement and formulas. • Working level proficiency in Windows Word & Power Point. • Worked on SAP • Exposed to HyperionEpic Analyst Epic Analyst San Antonio, TX - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Epic Analyst NYU Langone M edical Center - New York, NY - August 2013 to December 2015 Certified in Epic Professional Billing)  • Implemented over 20+ private practices including PB MyPractice with multiple customizations for each practice  • Lead Analyst on Account WQ's customization, implementation of unique collections workflows, Account WQ Upgrade 2014,  Payment plans, FPL Assistance  • Selected as one of two analysts to roll out Epic 2014 Upgrade and lead analyst for 2015 Upgrade  • Developed requirements and wrote over 250 scripts for multiple upgrades, internal projects and practice go-lives  • Trained over 20 analysts / staff and supported command center as part of multiple go-live projects  • Presented over 600 Upgrade-related Release Notes, over 30+ workflows and multiple new practice demos to NYU business partners and senior Epic leadership  • Configured 20+ workflows focusing on patient accounts such as creating automated collections files for 3 different agencies, sending  accounts to collections based on multiple criteria at different aging dates, generating automatic letters for patient received checks,  FPL approvals  • Worked on importing the provider par / non-par status for over 2000 providers regularly using a unique import spec created from an  Excel template. Project Analyst M yH ome Constructions Pvt Ltd - March 2012 to March 2013 MyHome Vihanga Project)  • Worked in a team of 11 to form relationships & agreements between land owners and construction developers  • Supported the design team, legal department and finance team in design approvals, permissions applications, legal documentation  review, and budgeting cash flow research, prepared reports and presentations Valuation Analyst- Financial Advisory Services Deloitte, LLP - June 2011 to January 2012 • Analyzed client asset data in 10+ projects by categorizing assets into respective asset classes and integrating data into valuation models  • Reviewed construction plans, specifications, and cost data of client assets to classify property as per Modified Accelerated Cost  recovery Systems approved by US Federal Income Tax department  • Developed project and property cost estimates, created financial models, analyzed financial statements, and prepared reports Education Master of Engineering in Engineering Management Cornell University - Ithaca, NY December 2010 Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering O sm ania University May 2009 Skills PB Epic Certified (2 years) Certifications Epic PB Certification December 2013 to Present