Associate Software Engineer, Security Associate Software Engineer, Security Fairfield, CA - Willing to relocate to: San Jose, CA - Cupertino, CA - Sunnyvale, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Associate Software Engineer, Security MINDBODY - San Luis Obispo, CA - November 2014 to June 2016 (1 year, 7 months) • Reviewed department-wide code check-ins daily to ensure proper security integration  • Discovered, documented, and patched OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities in C#/ASP.NET  software Automated Test Engineer MINDBODY - San Luis Obispo, CA - January 2014 to November 2014 (10 months) Debugged, maintained, and further developed existing Java testing framework and tests Education B.S. in Computer Science California Polytechnic State University June 2016 Links http://github.com/cburwell https://www.linkedin.com/in/cameron-burwell-13242a54 Additional Information SKILLS  Development: C/C++, C#, Java, Python, Assembly (x86, ARM), HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL  Frameworks: ASP.NET, Scrum, TDDAccount Executive - ERP Software Account Executive - ERP Software - SBS Group Davis, CA - Work Experience Account Executive - ERP Software SBS Group - 2014 to Present (2 years, 7 months) I work with C-Level executives and other high-level managers in solving business needs offering ERP software and consulting services for manufacturing, distribution, and service companies in Central California and surrounding areas.  Industries: Discrete manufacturing, wholesale distribution, professional service organizations, transportation, and construction among others.  Solutions: ERP, CRM, MRP, inventory control, warehouse management (WMS), forecasting and procurement, BI/analytics, document management, and Cloud services.  Software: Microsoft Dynamics GP (Great Plains), Microsoft Dynamics SL (Solomon) ERP), Solver BI360, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, and other ISV's.  Annual target: $1.2M. Finished 117% goal. Business Development Manager EFI/OPS - 2009 to 2014 (5 years) Responsibilities include: Direct sales of Integrated Marketing Technology Software to the Commercial Print, Agency, Direct Mail, and Corporate Enterprise markets. The product suite includes, web-based e-commerce with page-composition and integrated multi-channel marketing technologies; Personalized URL's, Web-to-Print, email and SMS text. Daily activities include, prospecting, identifying, qualifying, conducting high level presentations to upper management, demonstrating capabilities, and presenting proposals and ROI models.  Annual Target $600K. Most recent year $615K - top sales performer in the company. Director Strategic Accounts Printable Technologies - 2002 to 2009 (7 years) Responsibilities include: Direct sales of Enterprise Level Software to the Commercial Print, Agency, Direct Mail, and Corporate Enterprise markets. The product suite includes, web-based e-commerce with page-composition provided as a service (SaaS)/or delivered systems, stand-alone Page Composition servers, Variable Data Printing engines, and integrated multi-channel marketing technologies; Personalized URL's, Web-to-Print, and TransPromo. Daily activities include, prospecting, identifying, qualifying, conducting high level presentations to upper management, demonstrating capabilities, and presenting proposals and ROI models.  Accomplishments: Consistent top-tier performer, three-time President's club. Commercial Account Manager Hewlett-Packard Company/Indigo - 2000 to 2002 (2 years) Responsibilities include: Direct sales of commercial and industrial digital offset printing production presses to the California Central Valley and Northern Nevada Markets. Prospecting, identifying, qualifying, conducting high level presentations to upper management, demonstrating capabilities, and presenting proposals and ROI models, to large commercial printers, publishers, label converters, in-plants, and service bureaus.  Accomplishments: Inherited sales territory that had yielded zero sales for a six-year period prior. Bringing a unique business value to this territory allowed me to place 6 units in the territory, and record sales over $2.0 million. Electronic Prepress System Sales Litho Development and Research - 1992 to 2000 (8 years) Responsibilities included: Direct sales of electronic prepress systems to the California Central Valley and Northern Nevada Markets. Prospecting, identifying, qualifying, conducting high level presentations to upper management, demonstrating capabilities, and presenting proposals and ROI models, to large commercial printers, publishers, and service bureaus.  Accomplishments: Had first full year sales of $1.2 Million exceeding plan by 12%, Surpassed 3 other larger-market branches in technology sales in consecutive years. Three-time Presidents Club. Education Certificate in computer programming ITT Technical College - Baltimore, MD 1987 Certificate in Recording Engineering Berkeley College of Music - Boston, MA 1981 Business Management State University of New York Buffalo - Buffalo, NY 1977 Additional Information I have served in sales and operational leadership roles for the past 20+ years, with success in meeting business/operational goals. In this time, I have gained experience in Marketing Automation & Analytics, ERP, CRM, Cross Media Marketing, Enterprise level SaaS platforms, Cloud based solutions, E-Commerce Platforms, Web to Print, and Marketing Asset Management.    Strengths: Communication Skills in presenting complex solutions, creativity, ability to adapt to market changes, work ethic, and passion for success. Ability to identify business inefficiencies and design solutions driving achievement of specific objectives. Build and maintain relationships with key decision-makers, working effectively with all levels of management to source, develop and close new business and strategic initiatives.Raymond Collins Lead Software Analyst - Charles Schwab Corporation Fairfield, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Software Analyst Charles Schwab Corporation - San Francisco, CA - June 2002 to Present Software Procurement and negotiations. Vendor Management, Software   Licensing.. Software Management, training, configuration and support of the following applications: Quality Center, UFT, RequisitePro, Enterprise Architect, Dell Toad family of tools and Silktest.  Managed offshore workers. Senior Software Specialist Charles Schwab - San Francisco, CA - May 2000 to May 2002 Support, evaluate and train Application Developers on ainframe/distributed   systems software. Currently supporting, Expediter, Intertest, Smarttest, Change Man, Star Tool, Certify, SIM 2000, Traceback, IBM Debug, JOBSCAN, RequisitePro, Test Director, iRise, Quick Test Pro, Winrunner. Configuration Management Consultant Collins Consulting Partners (Managing Partner) - Fairfield, CA - September 1999 to April 2000 • Installed and Customized Change Man for Whirlpool Corporation   European Division. – Milan, Italy  • Implemented the Change Man DB2 option for Vision Service Plan.  • Installed Change Man and converted all Endevor Systems to Change   Man applications for Whirlpool Corporation North American Division. Configuration Management Consultant Serena Software - San Mateo, CA - January 1999 to August 1999 • Providing technical support for the Software Change Management   Process.  • Install and customize Change Man software for various clients.  • Performed CA-Endevor to Change Man Conversions  • Third Party Software intergration to Change Man. IE JCLPLUS,   JCLSCAN, DB2 Quality Assurance Analyst / Changeman Technical Support DeltaNet - San Francisco, CA - January 1998 to December 1998 • Providing technical support for the Software Change Management   Process. (CHANGEMAN)  • Product customization and upgrades.  • Maintain and modify Changeman skeletons and panels using ISPF   Dialog Manager and ISPF Skeleton Processing.   • Modify Assembler exits. (Assembler)  • Create customized compile procedures.   • Customized Changeman for IDMS and CICS environments.  • Change Administrator Automation Support Analyst/Lead Operations Analyst CALFED Bank - Sacramento, CA - December 1996 to January 1998 • Technical support for Change Management Software (CHANGEMAN).   • Support and implement change on various platforms. i.e. AS/400, LAN   Environment and MVS.  • Produce graphs and statistical reports for Management using SAS.  • Change Administrator   • Developing ISPF panels using DIALOG MANAGER and Skeleton   Processing.  • Establish Baseline Libraries in support of the Production environment.  • Create customized compile procedures. Skills Mainframe (10+ years),  Systems/Business Analysis (10+ years), Project Management (5 years), Change Management (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years),  Complex Problem Solving (10+ years),  Offshore Resource Allocation (10+ years), Negotiation (10+ years),  Technical/Software Support (10+ years),  License Renewal/Negotiation (10+ years),  Application Deployment (10+ years),  Custom Enhancements (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/Raymond-Collins-614506 Additional Information Highly qualified and well developed Software Analyst/Manager with extensive project lead experience that excels at leading cross-functional teams and coordinating multiple projects simultaneously. Solutions-oriented with notable success directing a broad range of IT initiatives while participating in planning and implementation of systems solutions in direct support of targeted business objectives. Expertise in negotiating software licensing agreements (SLAs), providing training and support of emerging technologies, and installing/configuring software for various clients.    KEY STRENGTHS  ◆ Systems/Business Analysis  ◆ Change Management  ◆ Software Configuration  ◆ Process Improvement  ◆ Complex Problem Solving  ◆ Offshore Resource Allocation    ◆ Technical/Software Support  ◆ Staff Training/Supervision  ◆ Application Deployment  ◆ Performance Evaluation  ◆ Solution Development  ◆ License Renewal/Negotiation    ◆ Project Management  ◆ Data/System Migration  ◆ Strategic Business Planning  ◆ Troubleshooting/Repair  ◆ Custom Enhancements  ◆ Cost/Expense Tracking    CORE COMPETENCIES    ◆ Exceptional problem solving, communication, organizational, and time management skills.  ◆ Full lifecycle experience in configuring, deploying, and supporting enterprise-scale business applications and business intelligence software.  ◆ Subject Matter Expert on Procured Software, from licensing, installation, use, upgrades and annual license renewal and negotiations.  ◆ Unique competency in translating business issues into technical solutions including technical leadership and coordination, and ensuring customer needs are met.  ◆ Outstanding leadership abilities; able to coordinate and direct all phases of project-based efforts while initiating efficient customer support initiatives.  ◆ Exceptional multi-tasking skills with a wide-range of technical abilities and proficiency in several applications and hardware platforms.    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES    MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Windows OS, Lotus Notes, Citrix Business Objects, HP Quality Center, OMNI, Mainframe technologiesAdam Lins Skilled and experienced DSP/embedded software developer Martinez, CA - Skilled, experienced software developer; flexible, practical problem solver. Enjoy developing software for DSP/embedded systems, and with a broad skill set, I can do that and much more for your projects. Any processor will do (or maybe it won't and I can tell you why). Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director, System Software Bluechip Systems LLC - Santa Clara, CA - January 2015 to Present Responsibilities  Lead the DSP, System Software, and Tools teams.    Accomplishments  Led the team to on-time delivery of a complex set of software tools and applications for a project critical to the success of the company's security product. As an individual contributor, worked in C/C++ on key cryptographic algorithm for multi-core DSP.     Continued to refine and improve the embedded software development process through the use of code review, improved build infrastructure, and testing.     Developed and documented a new hardware evaluation board for our microSD product from requirements and design modification through to manufacture and test (using a board design partner in San Jose).    Skills Used  Project management, C, C++, Java, assembly language for proprietary multi-core DSP, technical writing, high-level and low-level debugging. Director, DSP Software iCelero LLC - San Jose, CA - September 2010 to December 2014 Responsibilities  Led the DSP and Tools teams (a total of 6 people) during the development of the company's SoC, which includes a proprietary multi-core, VLIW, SIMD DSP paired with an ARM ARM926 RISC core. Worked on additional projects, reporting to Senior VP of Engineering.    Accomplishments  Part of a small team that designed and implemented test software to verify the SoC used in the company's microSD product prior to tape out. Verification was done using VHDL simulation. Co-developed hardware evaluation boards prior to tape out; performed initial bring-up of SoC samples post tape-out.     Led QA development for company's client-server software product for PCs (2012--2013). Implemented a diagnostic tool in C# for use with the client-side software.    Part of a small team that developed a proof-of-concept (POC) hardware and software platform for security applications, based on the use of the company's microSD product. The POC combined efforts from several companies; I worked on integration, testing, and debugging.     Skills Used  VHDL simulation, assembly language programming, C, C++, C#, technical writing, continuous integration systems, JIRA for task management, hardware and software debugging. Mentoring. Consultant Self-Employed - Martinez, CA - March 2005 to August 2010 Responsibilities  Worked for a number of clients as a highly skilled software developer.    Accomplishments  Co-developed a C++ software framework for the ADI Blackfin BF537 DSP for use in a medical device. Implemented a Reed-Solomon encoder/decoder for the Blackfin BF537 for use in the same product.    Co-developed an embedded application for the control of a medical device that used the STM32 microcontroller running the CMX RTOS.     Developed software for a novel, low-power, high-performance, VLIW SIMD multi-core processor for embedded DSP applications. This included an MPEG-2 decoder, optimized kernels for use in 802.11 systems, an implementation of the WMA decoder, and many other DSP kernels.    Added features to the multiprocessor's GNU-based assembler and software simulator tools, and co-developed a library to allow simulation of the multi-processor DSP on Windows and Linux workstations.    Wrote numerous white papers and application notes describing the use of the multi-processor in many different application areas. Results were based on analysis of the key algorithms used, including projections of performance based on simulation results of hand-optimized implementations (that I wrote) of the key algorithms.     Skills Used  C/C++, optimized assembly for BF537, multi-processor software development, low-level debugging, Reed-Solomon, error-correcting codes, GNU tools (gcc, gdb, gas) technical writing. Engineering Manager Berkeley Design Technology, Inc. - Berkeley, CA - June 1999 to March 2005 Responsibilities  Planning and guiding the work of a team of 5--15 engineers. Reported to the company President, contributed to business development activities.     Accomplishments  Software Development: Algorithm design, implementation, and optimization for a variety of DSP and RISC processors from TI, ADI, and other vendors (C, assembly, C++). Video and audio codec implementation and optimization (MPEG and proprietary codecs). Experience with a variety of Unix and Windows-based software development tools (GCC, Visual C++, CodeComposer Studio, and others).    Project Management: Creation of project estimates, scheduling, and management for multiple concurrent engineering projects involving a team of 5–15 Software Engineers (Microsoft Project). Client interaction and project status reporting. Customized Microsoft Project data extraction and reporting for company President (Visual Basic, Perl, LaTeX).    Technical Report Writing: Creation of software requirements, design, and test plan documents and analysis reports for customers (Adobe FrameMaker, Microsoft Word, LaTeX). Contributor to BDTI analysis publications, including the flagship semi-annual report, Buyer’s Guide to DSP Processors (Adobe FrameMaker). Special-purpose document template creation (Microsoft Word, Adobe FrameMaker).    Skills Used  C, assembly, C++, MPEG and proprietary codecs, GCC, Visual C++, CodeComposer Studio, and other IDEs; Perl, Python; Microsoft Project, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, LaTeX, Adobe Framemaker. DSP Engineer Berkeley Design Technology, Inc - Berkeley, CA - April 1998 to June 1999 DSP Software Engineer Tait Electronics Ltd - Christchurch, Canterbury - July 1994 to December 1997 Education MSEE in Electrical Engineering University of Canterbury - Christchurch, Canterbury 1993 to 1994 BSEE in Electrical Engineering University of Canterbury - Christchurch, Canterbury 1989 to 1993 Skills C (10+ years), Assembler (many architectures: ARM, TI, ADI, and more) (10+ years), C++ (5 years), Digital signal processing (10+ years), Software Development (10+ years), Technical Writing (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Java (2 years), Python (2 years), C# (1 year), Programming (10+ years)Software Engineer Software Engineer El Cerrito, CA - Recent CS graduate seeking an entry level software engineer or developer position. Familiar with agile software development practices. Experience working in small teams. Strong problem-solving skills in recursive and iterative programming. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer San Francisco State University - 2012 to 2016 Student Project Created or Participated in  HandyTable – a restaurant reservation website  NerdPanda – an online retail website that allows for searching and viewing various products in the database powered by MySQL  ParkyPig – an Android application using city and Google Maps APIs in order to locate nearby parking spots in San Francisco  Posix and Win32 Shell – Simple shell programs that parse and execute user commands  Consumer/Producer problem simulation - A multi-threaded simulation using mutex locks to monitor the program.  Personal Website - Created using Bootstrap with LAMP stack Education B.S. in Computer Science San Francisco State University Skills C++ (3 years), Java (3 years), Python (Less than 1 year), Javascript (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), PHP (Less than 1 year), Prolog (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Software: NetBeans, Eclipse, Visual Studio 2012, CodeBlocks, Dev-C++, MySQL  Bilingual: English(Native Speaker), Russian (Native Speaker)Omar Grafals Software QA Test Engineer with background in Audio Aliso Viejo, CA - Analytical, team oriented, goal driven, Audio Software Test Engineer with strong customer focus and extensive experience ranging from product development, legacy and current product maintenance and enhancement implementation to current features and performance/conformance testing for industry certifications. Strong interpersonal, communication, organizational and negotiator skills. Reputation as a creative problem solver who works closely with staff to quickly offer conflict resolution. Dedicated to creativity and the out-of-the-box approach to resolving issues. Consistent exposure to Digital Six Sigma methodology. • LANGUAGES: […] Floating point DSP, Motorola […] and […] fixed point DSP, C programming • OPERATING SYSTEMS: Solaris, UNIX, Microsoft Windows, MAC OS, MS DOS • TOOLS: Listen-Soundcheck, Clearcase, Clearquest Bug Tracking and Version Control, MS Office, MatLab, Motorola ADS, Debugging Tools, Adobe Audition, Test Equipment - Oscilloscopes. Willing to relocate to: colorado, Oregon Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Test Engineer /QA Team E-media Dolby Laboratories, Inc. - San Francisco, CA - April 2012 to Present Responsibilities  Currently active in the testing of the audio, UI and SDK components of a software solution that brings the Dolby experience to the mobile market. Target customers are computer, laptop, tablet, and smart phone OEMs and IHVs looking to deliver products with superior audio experience. This included the use of measurement devices, computer based audio tools and software scripting.     Create in test cases in Testlink based upon requirements  Create test scripts for the purposes of automation using Python  Analyze audio using in house tools, Adobe Audition, python scripts.  Create test plans based on requirements  APO Validation  Manuel UI testing  Bug reporting and validation using Jira  Test kit validation using internal audio tools  Critical Listening Senior Field Applications Engineer DTS, Inc. - Santa Ana, CA Provide customer support and training for all DTS technologies packages as part the Customer Solutions Engineering group. This includes troubleshooting issues via email, phone and on-site. Also support R&D efforts with feedback to assist with technical calibrations during development activities. Built and developed relationships with customers to support sales and marketing progress towards their initiatives.    • Use Salesforces to track projects, tasks and deliverables to customers.  • Tune DTS technologies implemented on customer products to maximize their performance.  • Conduct demonstrations to current and potential customers at work site, trade shows and customer visits.  • Used JIRA to create issues and track requests  • Create content for use in customer demonstrations.  • Develop demonstrations based on requirements from Sale and Marketing team. Audio Test Engineer(Contract) Dolby Laboratories, Inc. - San Francisco, CA - November 2011 to April 2012 Responsibilities  Active in the testing of the audio for new product targeting broadcast customers as a QA engineer. This included the use of measurement devices, computer based audio tools and software scripting.    Accomplishments  Create test cases based upon requirements  Create test scripts for the purposes of automation using Python  Analyze audio using in house tools as well as software based tools.  Create test plan based on requirements    Skills Used  Audio analysis  Python scripting  Expert testing  Test equipment Audio Electrical Engineer / Audio Team Foxconn International Holdings - City of Sunrise, FL - 2010 to November 2011 Currently active in the design and testing of the audio for cell phones currently shipping as well as some still under development. This position is considered cross-disciplinary since the audio section of a cell phone includes both electrical and mechanical/acoustical components.    • Establish design requirements for prototype versions of new products  • Participate in design reviews to summarize goals for audio requirements  • Create mock-ups and simulations to obtain data to justify design requirements  • Troubleshoot and test customer returns for audio related issues DSP Software Engineer / MOL Team Motorola - Plantation, FL - 2000 to 2009 Actively participated in the Maintenance Of Line (MOL) team as Engineer conferred upon to evaluate, troubleshoot, and resolve DSP issues whether they were found internally or by a customer. Coordinated and prepared DSP firmware releases for current products, as well as legacy products as the Release Engineer. Performed expert testing for both internal and external certification.  • Routinely met team goals for bug fixes by delivering within 45 day time frame without introduction of new defects.  • Delivered DSP firmware releases on schedule.  • Created efficient methods for APCO conformance / performance tests assigned to DSP group which allowed for quicker detection of possible issues and eventual resolution.  • Trained and mentored Junior Engineers in the set-up and completion of tests.  • Designed and implemented MIPS enhancements to noise suppression algorithm present in today's current DSP based radios which reduced current drain of radios battery during transmit mode.  • Conducted vocoder certification testing for new product cycles using PESQ objective measurement method resulting in faster detection of possible quality issues. The industry standard is to employ the Mean Opinion Score (MOS) testing method, subjective measure that can be exponentially more time consuming and costly.  • Founded, conceived and assembled the DSP Audio Lab used by DSP team to evaluate characteristics such as frequency response and audio quality resulting in more efficient evaluation and resolution of audio quality issues.  • Participated in Audio Quality Task Force during the development cycle of Patriarch Platform product line.  • Teamed with Advanced Software Technology Group supply DSP support for wideband wireless communications project, specifically programming of SCI interface which enabled communication between two DSP's. Research Internship / Structures and Materials Lab NASA Langley Research Center - Hampton, VA - 1999 to 1999 Hampton, VA Summer Internship 1999  Research Internship / Structures and Materials Lab    Conducted research on use of carbon-carbon composite. Relatively new material, for high power laser diode applications. Involved evaluation of thermal and beam profiles as well as current draw to determine diode performance characteristics.  • Developed test setup using Labview to record data from thermal imaging, beam profile and current measuring devices. Graduate Assistant / Dept. of Electrical and Computer Engineering Florida International University - Miami, FL - 1999 to 1999 Professional: Sound Engineering/ Music Production  • 15 years experience in composition, performance, and recording / production of music and audio using both analog tape based formats and tapeless digital audio workstations.  • Collaborated on several projects encompassing many different styles and genres.  • Co-founded band Santos Renuentes, a rock in Spanish ensemble, serving as Bass player, Co-composer and Production Engineer. Education Masters of Electrical Engineering Florida International University, College of Electrical and Computer Engineering - Miami, FL Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering Florida International University - Miami, FL Associate of Arts in Electrical Engineering Miami-Dade Community College - Miami, FL Skills LANGUAGES: TMS320C31 Floating point DSP, Motorola DSP56307 and DSP56603 fixed point DSP, C programming, Python OPERATING SYSTEMS: Solaris, UNIX, Microsoft Windows, MAC OS, MS DOS TOOLS: Listen–Soundcheck, B&K HATS, Clearcase, Clearquest Bug Tracking and Version Control, MS Office, MatLab, Motorola ADS, Debugging Tools, Adobe Audition, Test Equipment – Oscilloscopes, Jira, Testlink, Confluence, Jama, Perforce, Hansoft. Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/omar-grafals/7/14b/311Self-Employment as Silverhawk Software Concord, CA - Work Experience Self-Employment as Silverhawk Software Concord, CA - January 2010 to Present (6 years, 7 months) Android Software Developer  Individually designed, developed and published 4 entertainment applications.  • Fat Spades, traditional card game; 60,000+ downloads. Features multithreading, AI, custom animation. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=silverhawk.spades  • Photo Puzzler, creates classic sliding tile puzzle from user-uploaded photographs. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=silverhawk.puzzler  • Pirate Hangman, classic word game with animated talking pirate, free and paid versions. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=silverhawk.pirate.free  • Dart Tally, Dart scoring utility. Paid only. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dart.main Senior Software Engineer Metrowhere - Danville, CA - May 2014 to August 2016 (2 years, 3 months) • Initially retained to develop loggit, GPS/GoogleMap application for Android. Application collects GPS and other data (such as expenses), then transmits them realtime to server. Android SDK  • Subsequently tasked with developing server APIs for loggit using MySQL & PHP. Records data uploaded and replies to queries from multiple mobile devices  • Finally assigned to create website to manage and report loggit travel and expense data. Includes non-SMS chat feature. JavaScript, JQuery, PHP. http://64.85.252.128/loggit  • Uncompensated "sweat-equity" position. Ongoing requirement: 8hr/week. Web Developer JM Digital Productions - Rocklin, CA - September 2015 to December 2015 (3 months) • Created web site www.jmdigitalproductions.com with password entry, HTML, MySQL, PHP  • Implemented 5 autoresponder capture pages, some with video  • Configured and created content for Aweber and Sendlane  • Created various online graphics including designing JM Logo Senior Programmer/Analyst CVS Pharmacies - Walnut Creek, CA - July 2004 to December 2009 (5 years, 5 months) * Implemented PCI/SOX-compliance in pharmacy distribution system, COBOL, Java, SQR  * Wrote UNIX scripts to provide secure transmissions in multi-tier environment using FTP, SFTP  * Implemented HIPAA compliant data encrypt/decryption and credit card data masking  * Performed functional analysis of, and wrote decommissioning plans for retiring pharmacy legacy system  * Provided 24/7 on-call remote support, maintaining legacy pharmacy distribution system until disconnected.Dilyara Dzhabbarova People Operations Manager Concord, CA - Committed to excellence with a remarkable work ethic. Dedicated to assisting others and resourceful in finding solutions. Experience designing and writing clear and effective procedures for business processes. Research and compile information to synthesize concise reports. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience People Operations Manager Advisor Software - Walnut Creek, CA - March 2015 to Present (1 year, 5 months)  Chose and implemented enterprise-wide HR software (Zenefits, Jazz ATS);   Switched entire company to paperless payroll;   Recruited for over 20 positions using internal methods and liaison with recruiting agencies;   Created and ran the office management training program   Maintained all Office Manager duties of previous role.   Became in-house ADP Total Source expert   Increased employee happiness by creating and maintaining unlimited healthy snack policy and engaging office events   Executed Paychex Preview payroll, onboarding and benefits for a group of 50 employees. Executive Assistant to Chief Financial Officer United States Justice Foundation - Las Vegas, NV - August 2013 to December 2014 (1 year, 4 months) Maintained executive calendar, daily schedule and task lists; Conducted email, telephone and mail correspondence on behalf of CFO; Assisted in opening offices abroad (India); Scheduled media appearances for CEO; Produced market and product research reports; Contributed to development and implementation of company projects; Maintained company meeting minutes; Assisted in managing company budget of $3million; Designed and documented standard operating procedures for production and operations departments; Trained and directed employees; Maintained office operations. Services were provided exclusively to not-for-profit organizations. ILS Instructor Living Options, Inc - Brentwood, CA - February 2013 to August 2013 (6 months) Provided in-home unsupervised Independent Living Skills Instruction to adults with developmental disability; Transported clients to and assisted with daily activities; Guided clients toward socially appropriate behaviors; Managed 5-6 client case load; Weekly documentation of behaviors and goal progress. Unit Supervisor ARC of Contra Costa - Concord, CA - October 2011 to February 2013 (1 year, 4 months) Supervised daily operations at production center/work program for developmentally disabled adults; documented client behaviors; provided clients with guidance in work skills and behavior; created and implemented client activities. Shift Lead DirectLine Teleresponse - Berkeley, CA - January 2011 to August 2011 (7 months) Directed after-hours operations at inbound call and dispatch center with over 500 clients; Managed, trained and supervised 10-12 employees; contributed to staff and company development as part of a team; solved after-hours client problems. Customer Service Rep DirectLine Teleresponse - Berkeley, CA - July 2010 to January 2011 (6 months) Professionally answered phone for company clients; consistently exceeded standards; Gained Customer  Service Representative Certification; achieved promotion after six months. Education B.A. OF PSYCHOLOGY in History UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA - Davis, CA 2009 Skills Goal-Oriented Observant Productive Analytical Dependable Honest • Organized Self Starter • Google Suite Aptitude • Proficiency in Microsoft Office • Adept at learning new systems and methodologiesSmall Business Marketing Software Small Business Marketing Software - INTUIT - DEMANDFORCE INC Antioch, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Small Business Marketing Software INTUIT - DEMANDFORCE INC - September 2014 to Present (1 year, 11 months) Contract Position)    • Initiate A/R billing and collection calls on assigned aged accounts in conjunctions with good  business judgment and due diligence in evaluating account solvency.  • Process customer payments utilizing Zuora accounting systems for reporting, invoicing, and credit reports  • Resolves customer billing disputes working with Sales, Customer and Technical Support Operations  • Escalates problem collection accounts through Salesforce case applications credit management  • Recommends accounts for suspension or credit holds after proper collection activity  • Prepare account spreadsheets to reconcile and/or billing and credit adjustments  • Ensures compliance with all Business to Business Service Agreement Terms and Conditions  • Implemented automated processes and trained new employees Collections Specialist GENENTECH, USA INC - South San Francisco, CA - March 2014 to June 2014 (3 months) Contract Position)    • Responsibilities for handling larger portfolio accounts with Cigna, McKesson and Cardinal Health invoicing, deductions  Management, credit analyst and returns.  • Perform daily account receivables reconciliation utilizing SAP, Genco and excel; initiate direct customer follow ups and requests  calls written correspondence, emails electronic credit/debit, assuring commitment from the customer for payment;  adjustments on all outstanding amounts due. Credit/Collections Specialist BIO-RAD LABORATORIES - Hercules, CA - October 2013 to December 2013 (2 months) Contract Position)    • Primary responsibilities for credit and collections of delinquent customer accounts, and effectively manage accounts  receivables by utilizing SAP accounting systems.  • Initiate 50 direct calls and/or by sending written correspondence, emails electronic invoices or duns letter; and assuring  commitment from the customer for payment on all outstanding amounts due.  • Obtain and analyze customer credit profiles, credit scores and ratings by creating credit segment data, set credit limits.  • Perform weekly review of assigned accounts to assess, monitor company risk and recommend accounts to be placed on credit hold or send to outside collection agency by bringing collection matters to maximum resolution. Credit/Collections Analyst MCGRATH RENT CORP - Livermore, CA - March 2010 to July 2013 (3 years, 4 months) Responsible for coordinating, analyze the evaluation of new national customer account data and financial statements to determine final credit approval, examining credit risks and level of credit worthiness.  • Periodic review and analysis of customers financial capability by utilizing D&B, trade/bank references, personal  guarantee, paydex, and bankruptcy compliance reporting guidelines.  • Assist in the legal process and rewrite of modifications, special arrangements on amended terms & conditions of new  contracts; also waiver and lien release processing.  • Primary responsibility also include the management and review of customer aged account portfolio(s) 60 90 120days.    • Initiate 30-40 calls daily to collect on past due invoices, determine the issues for non-payment that may result to customer disputes, pertaining to rate, off-rents or customer tax exemption, proactively work with sales and  management teams in a collaborate effort to bring matters to resolution, also build good customer pay relationships by negotiating reasonable payment arrangements.  • Duties also include account reconciliations, credit memo allocations, invoicing, bankruptcy filing, statement and documentation prepared for legal mitigations, assist with quarterly audits.  • Prepare journals, AR spreadsheets and log all notes, calls and email correspondences in Oracle accounting system. Credit/Collections Specialist SUNTECH AMERICA INC - San Francisco, CA - September 2009 to March 2010 (6 months) Responsibilities include the credit/collections management and analyze of new client credit applications processing and assisting with the credit evaluation approval processes, review DNB report analysis to evaluate and determine client credit limit or final approval.  • Control and maintain all rebates and certifications for individual and company solar panel projects.  • Analyze credit data and financial statements to determine the degree of risk involved in extending credit.  • Manage documentation related to change orders, claims and/or disputes, ensuring compliance with waiver and lien releases.  • Monitor client account aged receivables 30-90days, initiating 25 calls daily for prompt payment, investigate issues related to operations support, product ordering and scheduled follow-ups for promise to pay.  • Processed daily cash receipt which included checks, wire and lockbox applications, client and bank reconciliation.  • Maintain Mechanic's Lien filing, contract agreements, personal guarantee, and rebate schedules. Collections/Billing Specialist TREADWELL & ROLLO, INC - San Francisco, CA - November 2006 to May 2009 (2 years, 6 months) Responsible include the management and drive to closure of corporate AR collection 60, 90 120days past due accounts, initiate 50 calls or contact email by maintaining professional relationship with clients.  • Maintain data base using Deltek Advantage to record, report and track all AR and collections activity,  investigate and identify root cause of inquires or disputes and secure client commitment for payment.  • Forster open communications between accounting, principles and project managers which include the disbursement of weekly/monthly AR ledger analysis, retainer, cash flow and promise to pay spreadsheet.  • Analyze various aspects of collections practices and contribute to the efforts to develop policies and procedures that  Streamline AR management, and revenue operation processes; also waiver and lien release processing..  • Monitor accounts for payment by daily cash application and check deposit, follow-ups to ensure customers adherence to conditions of agreed upon repayment schedule, utilize skip tracing and promise to pay.  • Interact with accounting to ensure wire payments (ACH) are received and posted to the proper invoice.  • Primary duties also include bankruptcy and pre-petition claim filing, acting liaison between counsel and 3rd party  collections agency (RMS) with a knowledge of contract agreements and the compliance of term and conditions. Education Associates in Business Management, Accounting MERRITT COLLEGE - Piedmont, CA 1999 Additional Information • Manage daily operations of credit analysis of new customer accounts, including collection and AR portfolios operations, credit  approvals, and account project setups as a primary focus on revenue growth and risk management.  • Entrusted with all facets of monthly forecasting and revenue collection targets of $2.2mill Bi-weekly goals.  • Establish Loss Prevention reporting on bad debt reserve and recovery.  • Provide direction in monitoring the AR performance with the Sales Force, Project Managers and Executive Level Management.  • Played an active role in reducing receivables by 60 90 120 days by 5% and under 10% goals.    Skills Summary   • Oracle 12R • NetSuite • Great Plains  • Access • Excel • Salesforce  • SharePoint • SAP • MS Outlook  • Deltek Advantage • MS Office Suite • 60WPM/10K Ten-KeySoftware Engineer Senior Software Engineer - Codeshelf El Cerrito, CA - Self-motivate and curiosity inspired software developer committed to pursuing a software development position related to high  performance computing software, distributed systems, related computer security, and applied computer science. My record  demonstrates strong analytical and problem solving skills for both software and hardware. I have experience with high  performance software development in Java, C, and C++ utilizing a number of technologies on GNU/Linux systems including  several Top 500 Supercomputers. Willing to relocate to: Waterloo, ON - Vancouver, BC - Denver, CO Work Experience Software Engineer Codeshelf - Oakland, NB - February 2015 to Present (1 year, 6 months) • Developed firmware for lower power IoT devices powered by Kinetis K20x microprocessors  • Developed and maintained proprietary 802.15.4 radio protocol for low power IoT devices in noisy environments  • Developed cloud based business logic as a full stack java developer  • Enabled successful 24/7 operations of 70+ IoT devices communicating over a single 802.15.4 gateway radio  • Ran a small team to rapidly design, develop, release, and iterate on hardware (followed zero-diff process) Intern - Software Engineer EMC Isilon - Santa Clara, CA - May 2014 to August 2014 (3 months) • Implemented the NDMP v4 Snapshot Extension for Isilons OneFS operating system  • Allows client to manage snapshots on Isilon storage clusters via third party Data Management Applications (DMA)  • Fulfilled field requirement requesting snapshot management and browsable filesystem via DMA  • Completed project before deadline and will be a user feature in the Spring 2015 release of OneFS RCAC Student System Administrator Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN - December 2010 to May 2014 (3 years, 5 months) • Diagnose and resolve hardware problems on large high performance computing clusters (5+ Clusters, 500+ nodes/ea)  • Develop and maintain scripts for automating cluster wide routines  • Assisted Professional staff with hardware and software projects (i.e. research developmental storage solutions etc.)  Honors, Awards, and Activities  ACM Member - Purdue's Student ACM Group  ACM Special Interest Group in High Performance Computing at Purdue - Former Vice President Intern - Software Engineer Adthena - London - April 2013 to August 2013 (4 months) • Analyzed existing application features and their use to optimize user experience and system performance  • Developed abstraction layer between the application and data allowing for rapid development of data collection engine  • Redesigned data models optimizing application performance and decreasing load on data collection engine  • Worked with large data set aggregation Intern - Software and Services Group Intel - Champaign, IL - May 2012 to August 2012 (3 months) • Wrote codes for the developmental version Intel Xeon Phi to analyze competiveness in the HPC marketplace  • Ported codes from CUDA to OpenMP for the developmental Intel Xeon Phi  • Analyzed Intel Xeon Phi API compared to NVidia's CUDA and suggested/requested compiler features  • Profiled parallel algorithms, domain decomposition, and asynchronous data transfer on the Intel Xeon Phi Student Cluster Competition Team Lead Purdue University - 2012 to 2012 (1 month) Sigma Alpha Lambda - National Leadership and Honors Organization  Outstanding Technology Award - Cary Academy, NC ECE Undergraduate Research Assistant Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN - May 2011 to August 2011 (3 months) • Researched methods to run single applications on multiple clouds to increase efficiency and load balancing  • Developed programs to monitor, control, and scale single applications on multiple clouds  • Developed programs to migrate standard applications to the cloud without significant alterations Student Cluster Competition Purdue University - 2011 to 2011 (1 month) Education Master of Science in Computer Science Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN December 2014 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN December 2013 Links http://www.andrewhuff.me Additional Information Skills  Java, C, C++, PHP, Python, MySQL, CSS, HTML, Agile Test Driven Development, Jira  Parallel Software Development, Distributed Computing, OpenMP, Intel Cilk Plus, CUDA, OpenSSL, OpenFlow, OpenDaylight  GNU/Linux Administration, RHEL, FreeBSD, Macintosh, Intel Xeon Phi, HPTC, Computer Security  FreeRTOS, Firmware Development, IoT Cloud Enabled Devices, […] Wireless Protocol DevelopmentSoftware Test Engineer Software QA Oakley, CA - Skilled manual tester with light experience performing automation testing using JBehave and Selenium. Excellent communicator with a team player attitude and a desire to learn and grow in the automation QA space.    Experience in different testing methodologies on multiple platforms and well versed in different kind of testing inclusive of Unit Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing, Functionality Testing, UAT Testing, Regression testing, Compatibility testing, and Mobile Device testing.  Experience with all aspects of product testing including test planning, documentation, execution, defect management and reporting.  Experience and knowledge of functional, performance and stress testing.  Great knowledge about the SDLC of a project.  Experience in open source automated testing using Selenium including Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, WebDriver, Grid, JUnit, Eclipse, and Java.  Experience with Web Application testing and UI testing.  Experience with Android and iOS manual Mobile Device testing.  Experience with basic SQL databases queries.   Experience with Unix/Linux/WindowsXP/WindowsVista/Windows8/Mac operating systems.  Experience using MS Office and MS Project to create QA-related documentation.  Experience in bug reporting/test management tools like Quality Center and JIRA  Expert level knowledge in all modules of Quality Center (Requirements, Test Plan, Test Lab, Dashboard and Defects).  Experience working in a demanding environment and working on multiple tasks at a time.   Excellent understanding of agile methodology – SCRUM.  Excellent interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical bent to problem solving and delivering under high stress environment.  Good analytical and communication skills and ability to work independently with minimal supervision and also perform as part of a team.  Highly motivated team player with analytical, organizational and technical skills.  Assertive, self-motivated, goal oriented, organized and efficient. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Test Engineer NEC Corporation of America - Rancho Cordova, CA - 2016 to Present (7 months) Developing automation scripts using selenium, testng, maven, java and data driven framework.   Creating testing scopes and cases.  Executing a series of tests each sprint.  Working on multiple projects in parallel. Software QA Applause - uTest - Bellevue, WA - March 2015 to Present (1 year, 5 months) Responsibilities  • Review requirements from a variety of clients  • Executed exploratory testing on functionality of mobile applications and web applications  • Executed testing using pre developed test cases by the client and document results for each step  • Gathered crash logs for mobile application crashes  • Logged defects according to a specific client format, attaching videos, and photos of bugs encountered Software QA VSP Global - Rancho Cordova, CA - February 2015 to January 2016 (11 months) Responsibilities  • JBehave automation testing backend services.   • Developing test data for all scenarios.  • Used WinSQL for validating test results query tables.  • Basic queries functions used were: JOIN, SELECT, AND, FROM, WHERE, INNER JOIN, ORDER BY, LIKE, BETWEEN, OUTER JOIN, INSERT INTO, UPDATE, DISTINCT  • Used WinSQL for gathering test data with specific data criteria.  • Used SoapUI to test and verify service responses with accurate data  • Responsible for verify REST service responses using Postman and JSON Editor  • Participated in developing VXML requests and responses for IVR  • Performed Manual testing call flows for 5 different IVR applications  • Testing integration between IVR and Web portal application   • Used IBM Mainframe  • Reviewing call flow requirements and user stories associated with changes.   • Constant clear communication between Business Analyst, Product Owners and Developers to identify issues and develop solutions.   • Involved in all aspects of the SDLC  • Involved in Requirement analysis, identification and documentation of required system and functional testing efforts for all test scenarios. (Positive and Negative tests)  • Responsible for creating test plans, executing test plans, documenting results, updating regression test plans when new functionality was acquired, and working with both developers to resolves issues promptly and efficiently.  • Performed Black box, Smoke, Regression, and functional system testing.  • Logged and tracked all defects in JIRA.  • Used system activity logs to enhance testing efforts.   • Participated in daily scrum stand up meetings, planning, grooming and retros.   • Setup a local workstation Tomcat server.  • Used Maven on an existing ANT build project  • Worked with Stash and Git to create branches, pull project updates, commit & push local changes.  • Strong experience creating test cases/test plans  • Proficient with all aspects of product testing including test planning, documentation, execution, defect management and reporting  • Expertise in analyzing User Requirements, Functional and Technical Specifications  • Light experience with Selenium WebDriver per continued study   • Knowledge of creating framework to be used by Selenium    Skills Used  JBehave, SoapUI, WinSQL, JSON, Git, Stash, Jira, ANT, Maven, Tomcat, REST web services, Postman, JSON Editor, Eclipse Luna/Mars, Java    Highly motivated team player with a desire to grow   Demonstrated a high drive to accomplish goals  Excellent at multi-tasking and working well under tight deadlines with high efficiency  Strong analytical/communication skills with a team player attitude Education Computer Science Los Medanos College - Pittsburg, CA 2012 to 2013 High School Diploma Mount Vernon High School - Mount Vernon, WA June 2011 Computer Science Folsom Lake College - Rancho Cordova, CA 2015 Skills Selenium, QTP, Automation, Mobile Testing, Windows OS, Selenium, Black Box Testing, SQL, Quality Center, Test Planning, Test Executing, Java, SDLC. Additional Information Bilingual fluently in Spanish  Proficient in Mac and Microsoft ApplicationsTimothy McCARTHY SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Brentwood, CA - Senior Software Engineer who managed project plans through completion. Worked closely with management on assigned projects from inception through implementation to ensure adequate internal communication between end user and developer. Work Experience Software Project Manager Special Ice - Livermore, CA - July 2006 to Present Managed software projects through all stages and aspects, including: application programming, software design, scope, goals, and deliverables, Developed and provided feedback on detailed technical project issues and plans. AEM Developer Infield Digital - San Francisco, CA - February 2016 to July 2016 Worked on backend development of projects developed with Adobe Experience Manager (AEM / CQ5) web content management system. Technology used daily: AEM, Java Sling, Java Core, JavaScript, HTML. Software Engineer AOptix - Campbell, CA - March 2015 to January 2016 Designed and developed PathExplorer Application for AOptix, a Laser and Microwave company. This application used Google Map API , JAVA, HTML5 and JavaScript to setup needed parameters to get the Availability of the FSO and E-band Radio. The application used the parameters in MATLAB to calculate the Availabilities. The application took the Availabilities from MATLAB and displayed the results on both JavaScript Graphs and Java Graph. Java technology used daily: Swing, JavaFX SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Aviat Networks - Santa Clara, CA - 2010 to 2014 Led development of the Portal user-interface configuration tool for the microwave radio  system. Implemented the application in Java using IntelliJ and Eclipse Java IDE.  Designed implementation and supported automation test stations used for manufacturing a  microwave radio terminal. Created a Linux test station using Java to program an SD Card for the terminal. Used open-source Linux OS, off-the-shelf hardware, and a standard USB  SD card reader to keep development costs low.  Designed, developed, and implemented PHP and Java for a customer-facing interface that  transfers licenses to a USB dongle. The interface enabled customers to create license files and install on the microwave radio terminal or transfer licenses to a USB dongle for later  installation on the terminal.  Designed, developed, and implemented a Java application that installed from a USB  dongle. The application transferred a license from USB dongle to the microwave radio  terminal using HTML calls. SENIOR DESIGN ENGINEER Aviat Networks - San Jose, CA - 2008 to 2010 Identified innovative solutions to meet industry programming needs relative to energy,  surveillance, and security systems for cell sites.  Led design and development of an energy, surveillance, and security system for cell sites  called Aviat EfficientSite, including development of a user-interface configuration tool, a  SNMP manager, and a Hybrid Energy manager. Used MySQL, Java, HTML, PHP, and C.  Directed five engineers in design and development of the EfficientSite energy surveillance and security system for cell sites.  TIMOTHY McCARTHY 364 TORRINGTON DRIVE  BRENTWOOD, CA 94513  408-410-3156 SOFTWARE ENGINEER Aviat Networks - San Jose, CA - 2000 to 2008 Contributed to development of the user-interface configuration tool Portal for the microwave radio system. This application was implemented in Java using IntelliJ Java IDE.  Designed implementation and supported automation test stations used for manufacturing of a microwave radio system. This included the development of a Java application running on a Linux test station that programmed a compact flash with embedded code for the microwave radio system. The application also queried Oracle using the sales order to  request what license should be installed on the Compact Flash.  Managed all software changes in the XP4 microwave platform. This included microwave  radio embedded code, network management card embedded code, and the CLI code. LEAD SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEER Harris Stratex Networks - Seattle, WA - 1997 to 2000 Wrote test plans for the company's highest-volume product, the XP4 microwave platform.  Managed and led four other software test engineers in the test of microwave system.  Tested embedded software changes on network manager card for microwave radio system.  Used Visual Basic and Dart PowerSNMP SNMP Agent ActiveX Control to create  automated test for software changes to the SNMP Manager on the Network Manager Card.  Tested SNMP MIB changes using MG-SOFT browser and compiler; tested the SNMP MIB against the Network Manager Card SNMP embedded server.  Developed automated test of the microwave radio terminal user interface using Visual Test.  Performed system-level test of microwave and network management hardware.    ADVANCED LEARNING  Managing Multiple Projects, Objectives, and Deadlines. This intensive seminar increases  management skills, including advanced techniques for successfully managing concurrent  projects, competing priorities, and critical deadlines.  Java Programming Course. A five-day conference that covered software development with  Java. Topics included developing apps, applets, web components, Basic input and outputs,  Java server pages, Java database connectivity, threads, and Java web applications.  Cisco Router Configuration. Comprehensive five-day course with instruction on fundamentals of Cisco routers, fundamentals of TCP/IP, routing protocols and procedures,  virtual private networks, and understanding the OSI reference model. Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Seattle Pacific University - Seattle, WA June 1998 Associate in Arts in Arts and Science Bellevue College - Bellevue, WA June 1996 Skills Java (10+ years), AEM (1 year) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages: Java, PHP, C, HTML, XML, JavaScript, VB, Object-oriented, Java Web Start  Operating Systems: Linux, Windows, Android  Databases: Oracle, MySQLNutan Shetti Software Tester Walnut Creek, CA - Experienced tester with 3 years of professional Quality Analyst experience in testing web, windows, desktop and tablet and mobile applications.  Proficient in analyzing business requirement specifications or story documents to create test Plans and test cases.  Proficient in functional, regression, UAT, performance and live-site testing.  Experience providing release and production deployment support from Quality Analyst standpoint.  Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle.  Proficient in using defect tracking and testing tools like Bugzilla and HP Quality Centre. Knowledge of JIRA.  Domain knowledge in the Insurance and financial sector. Good understanding of quoting and policy management applications.  Good problem solving skills, verbal communication, documentation and troubleshooting skills.  Certified course in Software Quality Testing from SQTL (India).    India's Number One private life insurer, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company is a joint venture between ICICI Bank-one of India's foremost financial services companies-and Prudential plc- a leading international financial services group headquartered in the United Kingdom.  Experience    * Review and analyze insurance applications and documents thereby expediting the overall underwriting process.  * Scrutinizing of agency applications thoroughly to meet up with the company standards.  * Coordinating with sales team to ensure completion of agency applications & new business proposals.  * Creating MIS reports.  * Keeping track of performances of Sales managers. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Tester Applause Tenure/Location: 1 Year - U.S.  Profile: Tested several applications.  Experience  * Executed manual test plans and test cases.  * Involved in Functional testing of the applications core functionalities as per the requirements specifications.  * Identified, analyzed and reported defects, errors and inconsistencies in web applications.  * Performed Cross Browser Testing.  * Logged defects using Applause defect management system and written test summary reports  * Proficient in using image and video recording tools for bug reporting in iOS devices and web application.  * Tested download, install and uninstall process of the mobile applications. Software Tester Zeus Learning Tenure/Location: 2years - India  Profile: ENLITE(TM), an e-learning technology that delivers extremely light "live in-application" simulations over the internet. Components have been designed such that the tutorials and assessments launch quickly on a dialup connections. It captures information for a wide variety of reports that show the performance of both individual learners and sections/groups/classes, in exams as well as tutorials.  Experience  * Involved in business requirement analysis meetings.  * Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle.  * Written detailed test cases and helped leads with test plans.  * Identified test cases for functional, regression and UAT testing.  * Written detailed defect descriptions, steps to reproduce, scenario screenshots, business requirement or agile story references to the defect.  * Logged bugs in Bugzilla and coordinated with developers for timely fixes.  * Worked on preparing and analyzing defect reports based on defect resolution to identify areas of improvement. Minimizing "Not a bug" or "Non-reproducible" scenarios.  * Worked on identifying test cases for performance testing. Officer - Operations ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Tenure/Location: 2 years - India Education Masters in Commerce Karnataka University - Dharwad, Karnataka Additional Information SKILLS  Testing Tools: Bugzilla, QTP, Winrunner, HP Quality Center.Software Developer Software Developer Concord, CA - Several years of experience developing web applications. Comfortable working across the technology stack. Looking for an opportunity to expand skill set, knowledge-base, and do work that is meaningful and has a positive impact on the world. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Developer Tetra Tech - Lafayette, CA - March 2015 to Present Mobile Data Collection Field App  Primary developer of mobile web application component for large-scale ground water sampling system. Leveraged Asp.Net MVC, Entity Framework, Knockout.js, JQuery Mobile and standard web services  Utilized browser local storage, HTML5 Appcahe, and web services to save data for offline operation    SIDD Windows Desktop Application  Contributed new modules and features to Winforms chemistry analysis application    Notifications Web App  Developed an ad-hoc data management and notification system for internal staff and client use using Asp.Net MVC, Entity Framework, and Javascript libraries Programmer University of Hawai'i at Mānoa - Honolulu, HI - September 2011 to September 2014 DCmd, Data Center Meta Data  Worked as part of small software team dedicated to a Data Center Information Management web application  Implemented modules using Grails MVC, JQuery, and Javascript libraries  Designed data-visualization widgets using JQuery-UI Education Bachelors of Science in Computer Science University of Hawai'i at Mānoa - Honolulu, HI 2010 to 2014 Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering California State University at Fullerton - Fullerton, CA 2003 to 2008 Skills Java, C#, C/C++, Asp.Net MVC, Entity Framework, Grails, Django, Winforms • Javascript/JQuery, Knockout.js, AJAX, JSON, JQuery Mobile, HTML5, CSS3 • Git/Github, Team Foundation Sever, SQL Server, LINQ, mySQL, Local Storage, IIS, Tomcat • Visual Studio, Intellij, Webstorm, Eclipse, Titanium Studio • Windows, OSX, Unix (3 years) Links http://www.jelfalan.wordpress.com Additional Information Resident Schedule Application  • Developed a set of Java applications to assist in scheduling resident rotation shifts for Contra Costa Regional Medical Center. Application hosting site in progress  Hobbies  • Surfing, woodworking, gardening, music, beer brewing, tinkeringSteven Lin Software Engineer - Circle of Bees Davis, CA - • Programming skills with a focus in data analytics  • Working experience with data analysis and visualization  • Strong interpersonal and communication skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer Circle of Bees - May 2016 to Present (3 months) Web application & database development Marketing Analyst Circle of Bees - January 2016 to May 2016 (4 months) • Market analysis and grant application  • Provide presentation training Agent Based Modeling on Street Harassment UC Davis - January 2016 to April 2016 (3 months) • Created agent based models on street harassment towards women/LGBT community  • Created a plan for a phone application to prevent and track street harassment and crime Internship Telopea Inc - June 2015 to September 2015 (3 months) • Create a visualization framework for data analytics  • Develop case studies with the visualization framework  • Implement the visualization framework with Tableau and ggplot2 Education Bachelor of Psychology in Psychology UC - Davis, CA May 2016 Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science UC - Davis, CA May 2016 Additional Information SKILLS  • Computer Languages: Java, R, C++, Prolog, Python, XML, HTML, React (learning)  • Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Microsoft Access  • Tools: Tableau, ggplot2, Microsoft OfficeJean Tantra Albany, CA - Work Experience Professional software developer - 1978 to Present 25+ years  • 8+ years    Apple SDKs , Mac, OS X IOS SDK and over 30 apps.    // 3+ years UNIX    • 12+ years Cocoa, Objective-C, Xcode  • 15+ years C++/STL/Templates/OOP  • 25+ years C  • Some SVG, HTTP web crawling, TCP/IP Sockets  • Recent iOS/OS X  UIKit, UI*, Core Animation, QuickTime, Core Audio, Core Video, Core Image, Core Graphics, Core Plot, Cocos2d, StoreKit, Bluetooth LE (BLE), GPUImage    Commercial Apple iOS mobile app and Mac development experience - positions & contracts:    Most high-profile: BARBRI app for law students, and a subcontract debugging the People magazine app.    Portfolio: MetaTheory.com/portfolio/    Several current contracts are under strict NDA, but should ship soon. Education Computer Science UC Berkeley Skills xcode (10+ years), Cocoa (10+ years), C,C++,Obj-C (10+ years), REST (10+ years), JSON (10+ years), IOS (8 years), Mac (10+ years), OSX (10+ years), XML (10+ years), SW Development (10+ years) Links http://algorithmicartisan.com/showquote http://goStones.com http://symsavers.com http://www.metatheory.com Additional Information Just in case you need help from the best, at some point in the future.    Senior Apple iOS & Mac OS X Developer - Remote    I'm contract telecommute, remote, off-site only. No relocation.  Please note this in your database and act accordingly.    My current iOS development contracting rate is ~$100 USD/hr   My current Mac/OS X app development contracting rate is $125 USD/hr.     I have developed with the Apple Mac SDK since it came out 1986 -- almost 30 years.  I have developed with the iPhone SDK since the day it came out in 2007.  I have worked on over 25 iOS titles that made it to the App Store.    Sr. Apple iOS / iPhone & Mac OS X Programmer  - Jean Tantra […] www.metatheory.com    https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jean-tantra/7/948/b45Brian Oh SOFTWARE DEVELOPER INTERN - POS Portal Davis, CA - Willing to relocate to: California Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SOFTWARE DEVELOPER INTERN POS Portal - Sacramento, CA - May 2016 to Present • Executed full lifecycle software development including gathering design specifications and requirements from clients, developing Apex classes/triggers and Visualforce pages, and testing implementations before pushing to production.  • Helped integrate POS Portal's Salesforce application with Heroku, a cloud PaaS infrastructure, to allow Sales- force incompatible tasks to be deployed into a scalable environment.  • Authored 5+ Apex classes/triggers and 5+ Visualforce pages. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in COMPUTER SCIENCE University of California - Davis, CA September 2011 to Present Skills Technical Skills Languages Java, C/C++, Python, Javascript, HTML & CSS, Apex, Visualforce, Bash Frameworks & Tools Salesforce, jQuery, Bootstrap, Eclipse, Git, SQL, R, MATLAB, Unix Links http://brianmoh.github.io Awards Dean's Honor Roll Community Service Award Certifications NREMT EMT-B Additional Information Projects    BasicDB C++  A FUNCTIONAL AND ROBUST RELATIONAL DATABASE ENGINE 2016  • Implemented a parser that executes syntax and semantic validation. Valid queries are then transformed into  expression trees to be later evaluated.  • Implemented a data management layer that handles all data I/O by interpreting expression trees.  • Implemented a database B-Tree index that creates a B-Tree and an index file for all keys and primary keys for  fast record access.  • Implemented a query optimization layer that analyzes metadata to determine the optimal query plan. The  query plans that were implemented include: Nested Loop Join, Hash Join, and Index Join.  Gender Recognition Artificial Neural Network Java  AN ANN THAT LEARNS TO RECOGNIZE A PERSON’S GENDER IN A PHOTO 2016  • Implemented a multi-layered feed-forward network by implementing sigmoid node, hidden layer, and output  layer classes.  • Implemented a parser that converts a .PNG file into a text file containing the corresponding grayscale pixel  values to be used as a vector of input nodes. The input nodes are then fed forward along connecting pathways  to the output node to determine whether the picture was male or female.  • Implemented a backpropagation algorithm to calculate the gradient of error regarding the network’s modifiable  weights.  Connect 4 AI Java  AI THAT USES THE MINIMAX AND ALPHA-BETA PRUNING ALGORITHMS TO PLAY CONNECT 4 2016  • Implemented minimax and alpha-beta pruning methods using recursion and a custom evaluation method.  • Implemented an evaluation method that determines the value of a given state by assigning appropriate  weights to the amount of three-in-a-row’s and two-in-a-row’s for both players.Andy Paladino Sr. Software Engineer - Peoplefluent Daly City, CA - An experienced senior software engineer with extensive experience in eCommerce, data analysis, SOA and REST-full web applications. Solid development experience all areas of the project life cycle, including hands-on development, team leadership and project management. Proven achievement includes end-to-end development of several high function web applications as well as automation tools and a principal role in the large scale platform migration campaign. Able to work with different teams to achieve a coordinated project goal. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Software Engineer Peoplefluent - February 2015 to Present • Backend and frontend development of enterprise web applications using Spring 3.x and Velocity frameworks.   • RESTful APIs design and creation.   • Hibernate Data modeling and performance analysis for large scale processes.  • Organized and lead penetration testing efforts and logistics for web applications.  • Built automation utilities using python, shell scripting.  • Worked with server side Javascript utilities, like gulp.js and browserify  • Worked with chart generation tools, like D3 and C3 JS.   • Worked with front end tools like velocity, JSTL, JQuery, Javascript, CSS, less.   • Automation testing using JUnit & Selenium Webdriver. Sr. Software Engineer Citrix - June 2007 to February 2015 lv. 2  • Tech lead for platform migration project.  • Developed much needed tools and internal alerting tasks.  • Backend and frontend development of RESTful web applications in an integrated SOA platform.  • Principle lead in platform account migration, migrating over 100k accounts.  • Designed and implemented SOA service APIs, used internally and externally.  • Developed all aspects of in house eCommerce web applications, including sign up flows, administration flows, back end integration with internal and external APIs.  • Developed automation tools, like service health check automated tasks using python, data analysis tools using Node, created a maven plugin to send ReviewBoard code reviews.  • Developed a Spring automated task to monitor Sterling eCommerce automated tasks and manually restart them if they fail to run. (Sterling automated tasks scheduler was buggy in the version we used). This ultimately saved the company a huge amount of money. Software Engineer Saphire Technology - March 2005 to June 2007 • Back end Java programming, using basis HIPAA compliant programming methods, which incorporate digital signatures, pgp encryption, etc.  • Web development using JSP, JavaScript, DHTML, XML, etc.  • Shell scripting for batch jobs using basic UNIX utilities such as wget & gnu pgp.  • Basic Oracle functions, such as basic DML { CREATE, DROP, ADD/DROP CONTRAINTS, TRIGGERS, STORED PROCS }, SQL Navigator, Enterprise Manager, and SQL Plus.  • Basic BEA Weblogic experience, including deployment & some admin. Software Engineer Saphire Technology - March 2005 to August 2005 • Java2 programming dealing mostly with MVC design pattern, as well as integration into the Spring Framework.  • Web development using JSP, JavaScript, DHTML, JSTL, XML, etc.  • Open source utilities such as CVS, Eclipse, Subversion, & Ant.  Hibernate 2.0 & 3.0. Able to generate business objects (java code), as well as Database schema from hbm definitions, using built in Hibernate tools.    Recent Projects  • Led a collaborative project that successfully migrated over 600k user accounts onto a new platform.  • Developed Node based data analysis and management web application for account migration using Express JS, JQuery, Knockout.js, Foundation.js, HighCharts.js, and Ajax REST calls.  • Developed a Node based DB Snapshot tool which allows you to create persistent Oracle connections, do DB snapshots of every table for a connection, and generate diffs for different snapshots. This allows users to thoroughly map out down to the minutest level all data model changes in any application which has an Oracle backend. Uses, Node, Express.js, Knockout.js, MongoDB, and Foundation.js.  • Developed and maintained my own online comic website, called techmuffin, which was built by hand using PHP, MySQL, HTML, and JavaScript. Education BA in Computer Science University of Southern Maine 2007 Skills AngularJS (Less than 1 year), NodeJS (1 year), HTML5 (1 year), Spring Framework (8 years), Hibernate (8 years), Velocity (3 years), Spring Webflot (7 years), Spring Security (3 years), ReactJS (Less than 1 year) Links https://github.com/apaladino/sideprojects Additional Information Technical Skills  Back end: J2SE, Spring Framework, Spring Security, Node JS, Collections API, JMX, II8N, Servlets, XSD.  Front End: Javascript, JQuery, NodeJS, some ReactJS, D3.js, Knockout.js, Velocity, JSTL, Apache Tiles, Spring Web Flow, HTML, HTML5, CSS, PHP, XML, Foundation JS.  eCommerce: Sterling eCommece Platform, developed two highly function eCommerce web applications, Cybersouce Simple Order and SOAP API, Salesforce API, II8N  Scripting: JavaScript, Python, Shell Scripting, reg-ex, XPath, some Groovy  Database: Oracle 9-11g, Mysql, Postgre, HQLDB, MongoDB, CouchDB, Ibatis, Hibernate, JDBC.  Build Tools: Apache maven, NPM, Gulp, Gradle, Buildforge, Bamboo, MyBatis, Yum, RPM, Git, Perforce, ReviewBoard, CVS, SVN  Linux/Unix: Networking tools like curl, nmap, hping, tcpdump, lsof, netstat, traceroute, ping, iptables.  Testing: Junit, Spring based integration testing, Selenium RC, Webdriver, JsTestDriver, Canoo Webtest.  Security: Pentesting & security analysis.Staff Software Engineer (Contractor) Considering C# software development jobs in Sacramento area Davis, CA - SKILLS AND TECHNOLOGIES:  • C#/.NET application development with WPF/XAML, MVVM framework and development platforms (Prism, Catel/Orchestra, MVVM Light, Caliburn.Micro), toolkits and libraries (Mahapps.Metro, Modern UI, Material Design, Fluent Ribbon), DI containers (Unity, SimpleIoC, NInject); also completed some Windows Forms projects.  • System/device simulation with Simulink/MATLAB and C#/WPF, device communication protocol implementation and debugging with Wireshark, RawCap (CAN bus, Modbus, serial, UDP, TCP, I2C).  • Web development: ASP.NET MVC, HTML/XHTML, CSS, XML, XSLT, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL; PHP.  • Test Driven Development (TDD), white box, API and unit testing, stubs and mock frameworks (NUnit, MSTest, Moq, NCrunch, ReSharper).  • GUI test automation with C#, MS UI Automation, TestStack.White, Coded UI, UIA Verify; Selenium.  • Team leadership, technical mentoring, people management, software release coordination.  • Project planning and coordination with Agile/Scrum and traditional software development models (Waterfall, V-Model), creating and collecting requirements, managing work scope, resources, and timelines on all stages of SDLC, from product requirements definition to release.  • Effective collaboration in multiple geographies with cross-functional teams, cultural awareness. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Staff Software Engineer (Contractor) Kelly Services - April 2016 to Present • Developed WPF applications controlling industrial printers and facilitating print image onboarding (C# WPF/XAML, MVVM with Catel and Prism). Independent Contractor Independent - January 2016 to April 2016 Application Developer VOLT (contract with Intel) - Folsom, CA - July 2015 to September 2015 Responsibilities  • Designed and developed an application controlling a device for motherboard power supply diagnostics (C# WPF/XAML, MVVM, styles and behaviors, XML serialization, data visualization with LightningChart Pro, device register reading and writing through USB/I2C communication protocol).    Skills Used  C#/.NET development with WPF/XAML, MVVM (Caliburn.Micro, MVVM Light), XML, LINQ, OOP, design patterns, GUI WPF styles and behaviors Software Engineer Schilling Robotics (FMC Technologies, Inc.) - Davis, CA - February 2012 to May 2015 Responsibilities  Designed and developed test frameworks based on C# / Microsoft UI Automation / White API library / MS Test for functional GUI and performance testing of Hammerhead, the software system to control operations of subsea Remotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs), designed and manufactured by the company.  Using C#/WPF and Simulink/Matllab, developed simulation models and software tools for systems and devices composing the subsea HD (Heavy Duty) and UHD III (Ultra Heavy Duty) ROVs, implemented different communication protocols, and created controlling GUI for the simulator.    Skills Used  C#/.NET, WPF/XAML, MVVM/Caliburn.Micro, Windows Forms,   System/device simulation with Simulink/Matlab,   NUnit, MSTest, NCrunch, Moq, MS UI Automation, White, Coded UI, UIA Verify,  TDD, BDD, white box, API and unit testing, stubs and mock frameworks,  MS TFS, Git. QA Automation Manager - Assistant Vice President, Global Rates IT Deutsche Bank - Москва - May 2009 to April 2010 • Led the QA automation team efforts for financial .NET and Java-based trading software;  • designed test frameworks based on C# / Microsoft UI Automation / White API library / NUnit;  • developed keyword-driven and object-oriented frameworks for testing .NET and Java applications using QuickTest Pro (QTP) / Test Director / Quality Center, and expert OO VBScript programming. Education Mechanics and Mathematics Moscow State University 1993 MS in Mechanics and Mathematics Moscow State University 1990 Skills C#, .NET, WPF, XAML, MVVM, MVC, SQL, HTML, XML Additional Information Additional professional history, including 8 years at Intel Corp., is available upon request.Payroll Specialist Payroll Specialist - ARYZTA LLC Pittsburg, CA - Dedicated and focused professional desires a challenging position with future growth potential. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Payroll Specialist Marin Software - San Francisco, CA - April 2016 to June 2016 (2 months) Performed Semi-monthly payroll using ADP Workforce Now for 600+ United States employees. Entered W4's, direct deposits and garnishments. Cut manual checks as needed. Performed other payroll tasks as directed. Payroll Specialist Golden State Warriors, LLC through Randstad - Oakland, CA - November 2015 to February 2016 (3 months) Responsibilities    • Perform payroll-related functions including, but not limited to processing Semi-monthly Payroll, Garnishments; Enter New Hire Paperwork, Garnishments, Direct Deposits and W-4 forms into Workforce Now.  • Calculated and Printed Manual Checks as needed.  • Process accurate, timely payroll using ABI timekeeper system into Workforce now ADP payroll service.  • Provide excellent customer service to employees with this multi-location employer of over 600 + employees.  • Conducted various audits and helped with HR projects.  • Scanned new hire paperwork. Payroll Specialist ARYZTA LLC - San Leandro, CA - October 2014 to July 2015 (9 months) Perform payroll-related functions including, but not limited to processing a weekly and biweekly US payroll, Garnishments; Enter New Hire Paperwork; Scan all Employee Paperwork using edejaview software; Complete cases using Salesforce Software.  • Process accurate, timely payroll using Etime timekeeper system into EV5, ADP payroll service.  • Provide excellent customer service to both management and employees with this multi-location employer of over 5,000+ employees.  • Enter garnishments, direct deposits and W-4 forms into EV5.  • Ability to deal effectively with a diversity of individuals at all organizational levels. Payroll Generalist BEBE STORES INC - Brisbane QLD - July 2008 to June 2014 (5 years, 11 months) Perform payroll-related functions including, but not limited to, processing a weekly and biweekly US and Canadian payroll, Commission, 401k, Bonus', auditing expense reports, garnishments, direct deposits, payroll adjustments, GL and other various projects.  • Process accurate, timely payroll using both KRONOS timekeeper system into Pro Business, ADP payroll service.  • Provide excellent customer service to both management and employees with this multi-location employer of over 5,000+ employees.  • Manage maintenance of payroll records and files including, but not limited to, PTO and other accrued leaves.  • Audit expense reports through Docusign.  • Enter garnishments, direct deposits and W-4 forms into Pro Business.  • Ability to deal effectively with a diversity of individuals at all organizational levels. Payroll Coordinator CONTRA COSTA COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT - September 2007 to December 2007 (3 months) Verify time cards to make sure they have correct totals and GL numbers are code to proper department then input hours into Datatel system.  • Collect Absence Reports and log into binder.  • Input student new hire paperwork. Payroll Coordinator DIABLO VALLEY COLLEGE - January 2007 to September 2007 (8 months) Verify time cards to make sure they have correct totals and GL numbers are code to proper department.  • Collect Absence Reports and log into binder before submitting them to District Office.  • Check in student new hire paperwork.  • Answer heavy phone calls with payroll related questions. Payroll Coordinator BEVERAGES & MORE - Concord, CA - December 2003 to December 2006 (3 years) Perform payroll-related functions including, but not limited to, processing new hires, terminations, status changes, tax changes, wage garnishments, deductions and direct deposits.  • Process accurate, timely payroll using both KRONOS timekeeper system in AS400 and payroll service.  • Prepare journal entries for period end.  • Ensure accuracy of quarterly payroll tax reports.  • Manage maintenance of payroll records and files including, but not limited to, sick time, vacation and other accrued leaves.  • Provide excellent customer service to both management and employees with this multi-location employer of over 1,000+ employees.  • Assisted with administration of benefits  • Help design and implement policies and procedures, while assuring compliance of all Federal and State payroll laws.  • Generate and distribute detailed reports for stakeholders.  • Ability to deal effectively with a diversity of individuals at all organizational levels. Accounting Coordinator SURGICAL STAFF - San Mateo, CA - February 1997 to June 2003 (6 years, 4 months) Processed payroll and accounts receivable.  • Prepared cash receipts, made adjustments, and researched the aged accounts.  • Provided customer service and performed collections on outstanding invoices. Education Windows and English/Grammar Skyline College - San Mateo, CA August 1995 to December 1995 Typing and Computer Applications Serramonte Del Rey College - Daly City, CA August 1986 to December 1986 Additional Information Extensive payroll experience.  Demonstrated ability to work with new systems and develop new methods to increase efficiency.  I am dependable, reliable, persistent and determined to succeed.    SKILLS:  Payroll Expense Reports Customer Service Typing 70 WPM  Garnishments Ten Key by Touch    COMPUTER SKILLS:  • ADP Probusiness..ADP EV5. AS400 . Microsoft Office . R&R Report Writer. Aprapro Kronos. EtimeSoftware Engineer IV Experienced Software Engineer Benicia, CA - I have over twenty years experience in embedded system design, implementation and integration. During part of this time I have; led a four-person project team, developing a windows based diagnostic tool for an embedded system, been project engineer for long and short turn projects, and managed direct reports. Recently I have had two direct reports.  I have designed and developed systems using C, C++, Ada and Intel Assembly languages on development systems running many different operating systems from MS-DOS through to Windows XP and several flavors of Unix including X-Windows. I have also planned and documented on systems running RAC-F, MVS/TSO, and VAX VMS. I have developed for operating systems including VxWorks, Unix, MS-DOS and Proprietary Embedded Executives. Embedded development has been for SBC systems as well as VME and Multibus based systems using Motorola(Freescale), Intel or ARM family processors, and Analog and TI DSP devices.  My technical problem resolution skills are excellent. I can either identify the root cause of the issue or find a valid path to locate the point of failure. In target device integration issue resolution, I have used; target hardware (i.e. Tornado), software emulation packages, emulator pods between the CPU and target board, less invasive devices such as JTAG and a logic analyzer with a dedicated pod for timing critical applications. Work Experience Software Engineer IV SeaTel - Concord, CA - September 2014 to April 2016 (1 year, 7 months) Certified Scrum Master, agile development on embedded controllers for marine satellite antennas. Contract Software Engineer Albin Engineering Services @ Memsic Inc - 2011 to 2012 (1 year) In this contract systems and software engineering role, I was working on several issues with calibration and manufacturing process for several different IMUs in the Memsic product line. Part of the work has been on how to test units in the mfg process and some on improving yield on, as yet, immature systems. This contract position ended January 2012. Contract Software Engineer 804 Technologies @ Composite Engineering Inc - 2010 to 2011 (1 year) 2010-2011    In this contract effort, I was supporting the creation of a new Inertial Navigation System that will support the CEi UAVs. My duties have ranged from system software architecture to timing and sizing and NAVLAB simulator programming and operation. This system is going to be a tightly coupled position solution using locally generated pseudo ranges and tracking range errors. I also resurrected a single axis rate table, adjusted it close to calibration, and brought it into regular use. The coding effort here was in C/C++ using CodeWarrior for an MPC5200 processor. We also used the MatLab code generation tools. Principal Software Engineer PNI Sensors Inc - 2007 to 2009 (2 years) While employed by PNI, I was split between engineering and management. I found, hired and managed two direct reports and still spent most of my time as an engineer. My task was to migrate our development environment away from Mac based development to PC development and include modern tools as appropriate for this sized company. To meet these goals, I started with implementing a Source Code Management system and rebuilding all images from completely known source rather than from stored object files in shared directories. We moved away from the Gnu tool-chain to a commercial toolset, recovering about 30% of the limited code space for new functionality. We created several new product offerings, utilizing appropriate features of C++ for embedded systems, which are now beginning to reach the market. These small footprint products are developed on two versions of the ARM7 tdmi core with future work starting on the cortex-M3 core. The major technology change in this effort was to include using the MatLab Real-Time workbench to translate working algorithms to embedded code without having to hand re-code and functionally verify handwritten code. This process costs more memory than hand coding, but shortens the development and modification time. We selected Qt as the preferred replacement software technology for an antiquated 'RealBasic' multi platform product GUI. Senior Software Engineer AOSense Inc - 2006 to 2007 (1 year) In this position my job was to recreate a control system for an atomic optic laser sensor system using different hardware. The processing hardware involved here is a TI TMS3206713 along with peripheral processing elements. The system has been successfully demonstrated for DARPA. This development effort was in C&C++ using TI Code Composer as a development environment. As part of this effort, I developed an object-based approach to controlling multiple peripheral boards with varying IC populations. Senior Software Engineer Systron Donner Inertial Division - 2002 to 2006 (4 years) While at this position I was involved many facets supporting Inertial Measurement Units and Inertial Navigation Systems. I started out modifying a heritage test system to allow it to work with updated products, this was followed by my being lead software design engineer for a new line of MEMS 6-DOF IMUs, based around a TI TMS320F2812 processor. The second element in the product line included a GPS system with a tightly coupled solution calculating our own pseudo range and position, and employed the TI DSP/BIOS real time kernel. Principal Software Engineer Peerless Systems Networking (Netreon), Inc - 1999 to 2001 (2 years) While employed by Peerless, I was tasked with building and testing an API for connecting and managing smart network appliances though the Microsoft Active Directory or other LDAP server. This project targeted VxWorks and Linux. My responsibilities included some code development for both target environments, source control coordination with central office, target system integration and problem resolution activities. Targets included Intel and PPC processor based systems. This task was coded in mostly C, some C++ and a touch of assembly language, with heavy reliance on TCP/IP sockets and name services. Salient features of this effort were the seamless integration into the Active Directory and application of the AD access control features to new classes of objects. Development tools here were Tornado and the gnu toolset. Senior Software Engineer Quest Integrated, Inc - 1998 to 1999 (1 year) This position was mostly involved with an In-Process Quality Assurance inspection system for the interior surface of a 6mm cylindrical object. My task was to complete a partial design then implement the system within the original design framework. This design was documented in UML. This PC based software uses industry standard interface cards to control and collect data from the mechanical devices. This application was coded in C++ for a Windows NT target. Due to the real time nature of the task, very little of the win32API was used. Database access via embedded SQL, and TCP/IP sockets were the architectural features of this system. The base of this system was a database configurable state engine. Development environment was Watcom C/C++. Senior Software Engineer Hathaway Automation, SNW - 1997 to 1998 (1 year) At this company I was tasked with an update, from prototype to working system, to a Power Utility SCADA Remote Terminal Unit. The RTU measures power flow and other parameters at substations, reports these values via multiple common and proprietary serial communication protocols to a master control station. The heritage, millisecond time slice, operating system had a long term fault of allowing one task to get the semaphore to memory allocation, but then never run again to finish, causing a system reset. There was also a window of vulnerability in which a control-finish command would never be executed due to the granularity of the time slice and the prioritization schema. For this system, there was no reason to support double precision floating point operations, which most compilers default to. By manually forcing the system to use only single point precision in floating point operations, I recovered approximately thirty percent of the CPU cycles. This development environment was migrated from Intel C to MSVC 1.52 and a third party linker. This allowed testing of the code on a PC before linking it to the target. For this employer I also instituted and incorporated into the normal build process the use of a source code control system. Hathaway Automation has been sold. Senior Software Engineer Eldec, A Crane Company - 1996 to 1997 (1 year) This position was correlating requirements to specific sections of code and to the testing of that section of code in support of DO-178 testing documentation requirements. This system was created in C, using an Intel 80196EA processor, and a target specific compiler. Project lead Boeing Defense & Space Group - 1994 to 1996 (2 years) for a PC windows based diagnostic interface program. Product was in field use before final delivery and has been well received by all users. This was a mixed C/C++ (MSVC 1.52) application using a DLL to pass data from a serial port watching process to a data display process under Windows. On the embedded side, there were minor modifications to the embedded diagnostics to provide raw data values in addition to pass/fail results. During this time I was also assigned to an R&D project using a SIMD parallel processor to investigate the feasibility of data fusion. This project was coded in Ada83 and used VadsWorks and some embedded MC680x0 processors running PSOS as a real time operating system. It also included a X-Windows display component on separate MIPS processors. Lead Software Design Engineer Boeing Defense & Space Group - Seattle, WA - 1984 to 1996 (12 years) Lead Software Engineer Boeing Defense & Space Group - 1989 to 1994 (5 years) AN/AYR-1 Passive Detection Subsystem: Integration, problem isolation, re-design and defect correction for this multiprocessor, multitasking, shared memory, embedded system. This system is now fielded. I rewrote many of the interrupt handlers in order to identify and correct internal issues, verified that the ICD was being met by the target system on the MIL-STD-1553B interface and was instrumental in re-mapping the memory usage to optimize the usage of local memory for each processor. I also created an algorithm for packing the database in memory, and identified many locations within the system where optimization needed to be accomplished, and was able to identify and resolve faults generated during flight test operations. This project was mostly written in C, with portions of hardware specific code in assembly language. Development environment here was Intel C, migrated to MSVC when non-avoidable errors were found in the Intel compiler. This development included full documentation including a "set-use" document I generated using automated database parsing of compiler listings. Software Engineer Boeing Defense & Space Group - 1987 to 1988 (1 year) Small Missile Control system requirements traceability and architectural design. The customer terminated this project prior to FSD. Airborne Optical Adjunct Boeing Defense & Space Group - 1984 to 1987 (3 years) Design and implementation of the control station for this long-term test-bed. The control and display software is a complex state machine where every command function or display change is a state transition. This application was written in C for a modified Unix system, utilizing the native serial and TCP/IP connections, and a proprietary MIL-STD-1553B driver. In addition to creating the design of this system, I documented two major CPCIs from initial design documents through CDR. Education Master of Software Engineering Seattle University - Seattle, WA 1997 Bachelor of Science in Interdisciplinary Studies University of Idaho - Moscow, ID 1984 Skills C, C++, Software Design, Software Architecture, Documentation, ICD Certifications Scrum Master Six Sigma Green BeltAyodeji Onofe Network Security Engineer Pittsburg, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager (Info Sec Projects) Autodesk Software Company - San Francisco, CA - July 2013 to December 2013 (5 months) Responsibilities    • Coordinated penetration tests for software before release.  • Coordinated meetings between Security and Compliance team with other teams involved in production and product release.  • Liaised with product owners to make sure their products are scanned, errors are duly fixed and products rescanned to ensure vulnerabilities are fixed before product release.  • Ensured soft wares comply with information security standards before release  • Created documentation on Product life cycle and progress  • Updated cloud documentation for each product that has been scanned/rescanned. Network Security Engineer Lucasfilm Entertainment - San Francisco, CA - January 2013 to June 2013 (5 months) • Monitored network performance and user privileges and reporting problems to the appropriate individuals  • Configured Juniper SSG5’s and Palo Alto firewalls for end user  • Vlan configuration and implementation  • Configuring point to point VPN connections on Palo Alto Networks  • Trunked and Access port configuration as required on Brocade routers  • Maintains documentation of the network systems  • Remote Network monitoring and access using Putty and Secure CRT  • Perform required maintenance for installation, configuration, and updates to firewalls and VPN connections IT Support Analyst DLC Center - Oakland, CA - November 2011 Media/IT department Quality control as well as-   • Configuring, troubleshooting and supporting the company wireless network,   • Routine maintenance of Operating system and Antivirus updates  • Technical support for MS Productivity Suite (MS Word, Excel, Power point, Outlook)   • Computer systems and server updates/upgrades  • Maintaining network up time, availability and accessibility  • Performing routine backups, website updates server maintenance.  • Providing product and technical training for junior team members   • Provide direction and support to project team Education MSc in Information Security and Computer Forensics University of East London - London, OH 2007 to 2008 BSc in Electronics and Computer Engineering Lagos State University - Lagos, GU 1999 to 2005 Skills • Experience in Securing Inter-Networks and Devices (Cisco AAA Configuration, VLAN, VPN). • Implementing IP Routing ( OSPF, Static routing) • Strong working knowledge of Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8 Mac OS X • Experienced in using Network Monitoring and Analysis tools (Wire Shark, Putty, Secure CRT) • Working knowledge in A+ • Risk Management and Data Analysis skills. • Cabling ( Fiber optics cable, Ethernet cable) • Experienced using ticketing tool (Remedy, Salesforce) • Experienced using imaging tools (Encase, Access FTK) (7 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/nhome/ Certifications Cisco Certified Network Associate (Security) November 2011 to Present Cisco certified IPS Specialist April 2014 to PresentSoftware QA Manager Software QA Manager - Elegrity Concord, CA - • Software Quality Assurance Manager with over 15 years of experience in Software Quality Assurance in web-based Client-Server and Software as a service (SaaS) applications.  • Extensive knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) - Business Requirements Analysis, Design, Development and Testing.  • Hands on experience with End to End Test Management, including supervising QA Teams both Onsite & Offshore and Risk Management.  • Expertise in designing and developing strategic Test plans, Test Cases, Test Scenarios & Test Reports.  • Experience in working with Agile/Scrum Software development environment.  • Experience in hiring QA Engineers and building QA Teams.  • Proficient in analyzing Business & Functional requirement specifications.  • Extensive programming experience in JAVA.  • Expertise in Automation testing using the automation tools like Selenium WebDriver Open source testing tool, HP QuickTest Professional (QTP), Load Runner and JMeter.  • Extensive experience in Track Defects and as well generating detailed reports using Defect Tracking tool(s) like Bugzilla, Clear Quest, TestDirector & Quality Center.  • Proficient in various test methodologies such as GUI, Backend, Functional, Regression, System, Performance, Integration, Validations, Compatibility, User Acceptance Test (UAT) and End-to-End.  • Proven ability to complete certification and delivery of products, its related features and its documentation in a timely fashion, dedicated to maintaining high quality standards.  • Possess excellent communication, interpersonal and analytic skills including the ability to exercise independent judgment and creative problem-solving techniques, including ability to succeed, learn quickly and lead in complex challenging environment. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Software QA Manager Elegrity - San Francisco, CA - November 2015 to Present (9 months) Responsibilities:  • Prepared system Test plan, defined the test criteria, test schedules, and base lined the Test Plan with the help of project meetings & walkthroughs.  • Performed analysis on Requirement specifications & Production issues.  • Implemented Test Strategy & Methodologies at various phases of test life cycles.  • Developed Selenium Automation scripts for Regression Test Suite.  • Verify bug fixes and perform follow-up work to resolve issues.  • Interacted with development team on specific defects/functionality to get it resolved.  • Collaborate with Software Developers, Product Management, Account Management and Operations to ensure product quality.  • Hiring QA resources to grow QA team. Software QA Manager Visage Mobile - Pleasanton, CA - October 2010 to October 2015 (5 years) Responsibilities:  • Understand customer's business needs, including functional and usability requirements.  • Prepared system Test plan, defined the test criteria, test schedules, and base lined the Test Plan with the help of project meetings & walkthroughs.  • Conduct scrum meetings.  • Implemented Test Strategy & Methodologies at various phases of test life cycles.  • Execute Manual and Automated test cases, analyze results, report and track bugs.  • Verify bug fixes and perform follow-up work to resolve issues.  • Designed and developed Selenium Automation scripts for Build Verification test and Regression Test Suite.  • Hired QA resources and built QA team.  • Interacted with development team on specific defects/functionality to get it resolved.  • Collaborate with Software Developers, Product Management, Account Management and Operations to ensure product quality. Software QA Lead / Manager Vodafone - Walnut Creek, CA - September 2009 to October 2010 (1 year, 1 month) Responsibilities:  • Performed analysis on Requirement specifications & Production issues.  • Create test plans and test cases from the feature specifications by Product Management.  • Reviewed Test cases, Scenarios and modifications done to the test cases against the internal reviews and upgrades in the build.  • Performed Manual and Automation testing.  • Designed and developed Selenium Automation scripts for Regression Test Suite.  • Interacted with development team on specific defects/functionality to get it resolved.  • Produced Test Case execution report, Defect status report and submitted summary report on weekly basis to project management. Software QA Lead Bio-Rad - Hercules, CA - October 2008 to September 2009 (11 months) Responsibilities:  • Actively participated in Agile/Scrum Software development phases.  • Prepared System Test plan, defined the test criteria, test schedules, and base lined the plan with the help of project meetings & walkthroughs.  • Implemented Test Strategy& Methodologies at various phases of test life cycles.  • Prepared/Reviewed Test Scenarios, Test Cases and updations done to the test scenarios/cases against the internal/external reviews.  • Performed testing in various methodologies - Smoke, GUI, Functional, Negative, Validations, Regression, End-End Scenarios, Compatibility, Performance and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  • Prepared Regression Scenarios, Load Test scenarios and involved in the process of automating and executing using HP Quicktest Professional (QTP) & Load Runner. Software QA Lead IBM - Austin, TX - April 2005 to September 2008 (3 years, 5 months) Responsibilities:  • Performed analysis on Requirement specifications & Production issues.  • Prepared system Test plan, defined the test criteria, test schedules, and base lined the Test Plan with the help of project meetings & walkthroughs.  • Implemented Test Strategy& Methodologies at various phases of test life cycles.  • Reviewed Test cases, Scenarios and modifications done to the test cases against the internal reviews and upgrades in the build.  • Performed Manual and Automation testing.  • Performed testing in various methodologies - Smoke, GUI, Functional, Backend, Negative, Validations, Regression, End-End Scenarios, Compatibility Testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT). Software Engineer HITACHI Ltd - June 2001 to March 2005 (3 years, 9 months) Responsibilities:  • Analysis of Business and Functional Requirements Specifications  • Analysis of the root cause of the defects and identifying the resolutions.  • Coding, Unit testing and packaging the bug fixes.  • Debugging the code using DBX & GDB debugger.  • Design and Coding of test automation scripts using PERL Script. Education MCA Madurai Kamaraj University - Madurai, Tamil Nadu Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    • Languages: C, C++, Java, SQL, PL/SQL & HTML.  • Scripting: PERL, UNIX Shell.  • Operating Systems: Windows 7, Vista, XP, Linux, Solaris, IBM AIX & HP-UX.  • RDBMS: My SQL, SQL Server and Oracle.  • Testing Tools: Selenium, HP QuickTest Professional (QTP), Load runner, JUnit and JMeter.  • Test Reporting Tools: Quality Center, TestDirector, Bugzilla, CMVC & Rational Clear Quest.  • Project Management Tools: Microsoft Project.Mechanical Design Engineer Mechanical Design Engineer - Meditab Software Inc Walnut Creek, CA - Willing to relocate to: North California - San Francisco Bay Area, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Mechanical Design Engineer Meditab Software Inc - Oakland, CA - August 2015 to Present ● Startup experience. Experienced in manufacturer selection, cost negotiation, concept design, prototyping, detail design and 2D drawing (GD&T), quality check and control, and assembly and test.  ● Developed existing a medical pill dispensing system (150+ components) for multi-dose packaging. Redesigned an ss s automatic system serves for filling a blister pack with different medications, for better performance and lower cost. The packing speed increased 20%.  ● Designed from scratch and prototype medicine counting machine that can count up to 8 different canister in one time.  ● Responsible for entire mechanical design and rapid prototyping by different manufacturing process including CNC machining, laser cutting, sheet metal fabrication and 3D printing, and design daily supply for pharmacy packing equipment for mass production by vacuum thermoforming and die cutting.   ● CAD design(Solidworks), analysis of strength and material behavior and design verification(FEA)  ● Directly engaged with manufacturers and vendors, check manufacturing quality, and build prototype at manufacturer's' factory(China).  ● Managed files with product data management (PDM) and prepared detailed 2D drawings, BOM and welding drawings for manufacturing (ISO 2768, ASME Y14.5 and ANSI Standards) by using Solidworks, EPDM and Microsoft excel. Mechanical Engineering Intern Taylor Collaboration - San Francisco, CA - February 2015 to March 2015 ● Designed and simulated a medical tool for surgeons and did research on ways to build the model.  ● Prepared tibia bone specimens for surface strain tests by cadaver dissection in wet laboratory.  ● Organized and led orthopedic journal club with other engineers present, and discussed upcoming projects. Project Manager Planar Machinery Design Project - Berkeley, CA - August 2014 to December 2014 ● Built a machinery that automatically peels and slices an apple in one time with electricity.  ● In charge of programming and designing the electronic circuit of the machine, designing and manufacturing peeler section, testing and finalizing the whole machine.  ● Managed the team of five students and the project to build the machine. Robotics Engineer Fire Extinguishing Robot - Berkeley, CA - January 2014 to May 2014 Built a microprocessor based fire extinguishing robot that works with LabVIEW and Arduino.  ● Robot had five motors, four sensors, and three cameras to detect and extinguish fire and avoid obstacles. Squad Leader Republic of Korean Army - October 2006 to October 2008 Managed a team of 10-15 individuals, while working under strict environments with strong responsibility and self-management skills. Education Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering University of California, Berkeley - Berkeley, CA Skills Solidworks (4 years), Labview (Less than 1 year), Matlab (2 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/sjspower Additional Information Computer: AutoCAD, Arduino, MATLAB, SolidWorks(Modeling & FEA), LabVIEW, Microsoft Office suite.  Language: Professional Working Fluency in KoreanDon Smith Software Engineer - Nextrials Walnut Creek, CA - Work Experience Software Engineer Nextrials - San Ramon, CA - October 2012 to Present Completely responsible for 12 year old mod_perl application including maintenance and adding features  ● Created and maintained a wide variety of Spring web applications using jQuery, bootstrap and json  ● Ported legacy application from mod_perl to mod_perl2  ● Enhanced and maintained industry leading RFD interface  ● Maintained a wide variety of small perl, groovy, and java applications in order to maintain level of service Consultant My Party Registry - Medford, OR - 2012 to 2013 ● Developed various features using PHP, jQuery and MySQL Consultant irefly Media - 2011 to 2012 F Rogue Valley Area, OR  ● Developed various features of custom website using MVC framework Developer LiveAuctioneers LLC - New York, NY - 2008 to 2010 Completely responsible for development and maintenance of 2 full web applications  ● Implemented various large scale projects in response to business needs  ● Deployment of several asynchronous features using the jQuery AJAX Library  ● Solely responsible for the development of Android app for live bidding  ● Administered a variety of servers including virtual servers hosted on Amazon  ● Delegated responsibilities to other technical workers in order to meet goals  ● Worked with other members of the company including managers and the COO in order to gather requirements and build solutions Programmer Myspecialedition - Hoboken, NJ - 2007 to 2008 Customized existing PHP based solution to fit the site's specific needs including addition of automated data retrieval to the existing system's schema  ● Reskinned application based on site redesign, using existing templating system Inference Data - Hoboken, NJ - 2007 to 2007 Designed and implemented various applications for use with electronic discovery and repository services, including a robust content extractor using third party tools using Java and  JNI anager of Repository Development - Lynbrook, NY - 2004 to 2006 Worked on the development of a Java MVC based repository solution from the ground up,  going from planning to implementation and deployment  ● Worked with third parties integrating various deliverables and co­ordinating effort  ● Responsible for initial operations of web repository including 24/7 availability  ● Delegated work to other employees and guided efforts to a deadline based deliverable Open Source Developer anager of Repository Development - Hoboken, NJ - 2004 to 2004 Contributed to the Gnome Dashboard Project using C#, java and SOAP interfaces as well as the  Growl project using Objective C Programmer Analyst The Cancer Institute - New Jersey, NB - 2001 to 2003 NJ  ● Implemented a programatic rapid deployment system for clinical computer support  ● Completely responsible for institution wide end user support  ● Designed, developed, and debugged web based java applications used to automate support and problem tracking Java Developer Portalvision Inc - Brewster, NY - 1999 to 2001 Designed, implemented and deployed web based interface to proprietary binary protocol using  Java based JSP and Servlet Technology on Solaris and Linux platforms  ● Designed and implemented JSP based site for partner and affiliates, including gathering of design requirements, implementation of general framework and design of JDBC connection  pool for Oracle 8i  ● Configuration and administration of Linux and Solaris Web Development platform for internal  JSP design  ● Design, Development and Deployment of several Java cron jobs to parse data sources and create static files for performance purposes Student Technician Rutgers University Chemistry Department - New Brunswick, NJ - 1997 to 1999 General support of Users  ● Installed and configured Linux systems to use central NIS and NFS Services  ● Assist in configuration management of java viewer applet Education B.A. in English Rutgers University B.A. Additional Information SKILLS  Java, PHP, mysql, Linux, RedHat, AJAX, JQuery, OOP, MVC frameworks, Eclipse, SVN, Mercurial,  Android, J2EE, TomcatSoftware Engineer Software Engineer - Xtime - A subsidiary of Cox Automotive Walnut Creek, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer Xtime - A subsidiary of Cox Automotive - Redwood Shores, CA - October 2011 to Present Works for a company that provides cloud-based Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and scheduling platform for automotive manufacturers and automotive service departments.  Responsible for Real-time Appointment Notification (RAN) integrations - a service wherein we notify  vehicle manufacturers about appointments that were made using their cars. Based on the concept of organizing the data transformation flow by constructing a chain of asynchronously called data message  converters (processors). Message Dispatching Process takes messages from Message Queue, determines  appropriate message processor and executes it in another thread. The processor's output (one or more  messages) goes to Message Queue for further dispatching. Programmed using Java, PL/SQL, Spring  Framework, and SOAP/RESTful web services.  Developed a Batch Recall - a service that processes car recalls for car dealerships and manufacturers.  Programmed using Java and Spring Batch.  Developed a Selenium project that automates web browser-based test cases for Quality Assurance (QA)  team. Programmed using Java.  Developed a pixel-perfect service menu, service estimate, multi-point inspection, and service inspection  reports used by various car dealerships in the US, Canada, Australia, Germany, and UK. Programmed  using JasperReports, PL/SQL, and XPath.  Developed Key Performance Indicator, Dealer Dashboard, Business Development Center Management,  ServiceTab Estimates, Recall Appointments, Consumer Portal, Service Marketing Campaign  Effectiveness, Dealer Launch Status, and numerous other custom reports for different car dealerships and manufacturers in the US, Canada, Australia, Germany, and UK using JasperReports.  Implemented JasperReports' Internationalization Framework.  Administered non-production JasperServers. Managed users, roles, and repository. Scheduled reports and configured localizations Java Application Developer Fresenius Medical Care - North America - Walnut Creek, CA - September 2006 to February 2010 Worked with an FDA-regulated environment. Responsible for iCare Monitoring System software  enhancement and maintenance, all levels of user support, preparation of all documents necessary for the software release (Software Design Input/Output, Software Evaluation, Software Verification and  Validation Protocol, Risk Analysis, Traceability Matrix, Upgrade Procedure, Configuration Guideline).  Programmed using Java and JasperReports, performed dialysis machine operation (running in simulation mode) to produce machine data for all kinds of testing, participated in software validation and unstructured testing, performed program code review, and design transfer presentation.  ! iCare Monitoring System is designed to aid in monitoring hemodialysis treatment activities through  The Java/RDBMS Developer Apelon, Inc - Alameda, CA - January 2001 to September 2006 Involved in the development through implementation of Metathesaurus Enhancement and Maintenance  Environment  ! MEME4 is theIV (MEME 4). Programmed using Java and Oracle PL/SQL.  fourth version of the Metathesaurus Enhancement and Maintenance Environment  (MEME) developed by Apelon Inc. for the National Library of Medicine. MEME4 is a scalable, high  performance, modular, distributed editing environment built on a true client-server model using  platform independent, network-aware technologies. MEME4 implements all back-end operations on the server side, caches frequently used data and sets the thread mechanism during idle times that makes the  application scalable and high performance. It is modular that clients can be added by simply  implementing the client and service interface. It is secure because all client interactions are being  authenticated and client sessions are being tracked by a session id. It is distributed because clients  interact with the server over the network while the server maintains concurrency of the client actions. It  is platform independent because it employs the use of Java code and XML as a messaging medium. It is  network-aware because Java is a network-aware programming language which means that applications/  clients can be written without interacting directly to the network because the application server and client stubs (default implementation) encapsulate all the network details. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science AMA Computer University Skills Java (10+ years), PL/SQL (8 years), JasperReports (8 years), Spring (1 year), Soap (1 year), REST (1 year)Casey Loewenthal Walnut Creek, CA - Work Experience Senior Customer Success Manager PawLoyalty Software - 2014 to Present Corporate Account Specialist Learn iT! - 2011 to 2014 Education Bachelor's in Communications San Francisco State UniversitySystem Software Specialist Vacaville, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience System Software Specialist California Public Employees Retirement System - Sacramento, CA - December 2006 to September 2015 Telecommunications Shift Leader Delta breeze Club - Travis AFB, CA - December 1993 to June 2004 During my shift, in charge of club operations to include security, dining & wait staff, bar operations, cashier monies, entertainment & employee operations/disposition. Education Associates degree in Management Information Systems Community Collge of the Air Force - Travis AFB, CA Military Service Service Country: United States Branch: United States Air Force Rank: E8/Senior Master Sergeant November 1970 to November 1996 Communications Security Manager, Data Center Manager Commendations: Medals: 2 Meritoriuos Service, 4 AF Commendations, 9 Good Conduct, 3 overseasFront End Software Developer Intern Front End Software Developer Intern - UC Davis Energy Efficiency Center Davis, CA - To obtain an employment opportunity that allows me to utilize my education and experience in the field of Computer Science. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Software Developer Intern UC Davis Energy Efficiency Center - Davis, CA - April 2016 to Present Designed the UI Interface with Google maps API embedded for the company's website that lets the company display their projects. Alongside a team of 12 individuals helped build the front end and back end of the website that has officially been published.    Coursework/Projects Software Developer Intern Nexgen Asset Management - July 2015 to October 2015 Worked as one of the leading developers in the company. Responsibilities included handling any bugs related to the company's asset management software as well as introducing various new features and modules in the software. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of California - Davis, CA September 2016 Skills Java, C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, C++, Python, C Additional Information Technical Skills:  Experience with programming languages Java, C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, C++, Python, C.  Working knowledge of R, SQL, jQuery, AJAX, MATLAB, UNIX shell scripts, and assembly languageSr. Software Applications Engineer Sr. Software Applications Engineer - Charles Schwab Walnut Creek, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Software Applications Engineer Charles Schwab - San Francisco, CA - December 2007 to Present The Charles Schwab Corporation is an American brokerage and banking company.  My responsibilities include researching and retrieving data from data warehouse system (Teradata) by writing complex SQL queries and collaborating with business users and other analysts in Finance, Marketing, Sales etc. to support their data needs and also working as data engineer to build up ETL programs along with reports using BI reporting tools like Tableau, WEBI reports, crystal reports. I have built dashboards which identified trends in large data sets and validated expected and unexpected trends in the data to assist in alerting and identifying issues. I work as SQL developer, data analyst, Business Intelligence reporting specialist and Business Objects Universe designer in the incentives team and ensure accurate, timely and on demand access to an individual's sales and planned compensation on a weekly basis. Creative thinking for solutions to Business changes, maintenance and ongoing enhancements constitute a major part of my responsibilities.  One of the major Project for which I was awarded the "Challenger Award" was the redesign and recoding of the "Bonus Allocation System" for Incentives Administration (IA), a process for quarterly discretionary bonus payments for International and Branch employees. This system enabled leaders to allocate payments in an easily accessed website. This was an excellent solution, as it saved time and money without requiring additional resources. The system also increased efficiency for IA, business partners, and International and Branch leadership by preventing the need for multiple emails and Excel spreadsheets to allocate payments. This enhancement led to more transparency, less audit risk, and more accurate payment processing. American President Lines Oakland, CA - January 2006 to June 2007 as Systems Analyst)  APL is a leading shipping company in North America. In APL, I have had the opportunity to work on different aspects of System Development Life Cycle, application support and fine tuning of processes in the application while working on a number of projects. I was awarded the "Above and Beyond the Call of Duty" award for my creative solution to improve efficiency of the existing system by 90% which saved the Business time and resources while providing accurate information. Systems Analyst Kraft Foods North America - Toronto, ON - June 2000 to January 2006 Kraft Foods, the largest Food and Beverage Company headquartered in North America and second largest in the world, has been a source of rich corporate experience for me.  I was awarded the "ABOVE AND BEYOND THE CALL OF DUTY" for my work on the "Volume Incentive Planning" project. In this project I worked with the users to develop the code using Oracle PL/SQL and Unix Shell scripting. The reports were created using PowerBuilder.  I have had the opportunity to work on different aspects of System Development Life Cycle while working on a number of projects. I worked on the systems integration of NABISCO and Kraft Canada. The project involved understanding how the Master Data files in the two systems worked and creating a common DataMart and reporting off the DataMart such that the information from the two systems was available to the Business in an easy format. I was involved in design and coding using Oracle and PowerBuilder, The project involved teaming up with the business and acting as a thought partner to come up with an innovative solution.  Another major project that I worked on was to make the retail applications and code SARBANES OXLEY compliant. This involved creating triggers and logs that would help audit changes in the data. Education BS Electrical Engineering (Punjab Engineering College (PEC) - Chandigarh, Chandigarh Additional Information Technical Expertise  SQL coding, Data Analytics, Data Modelling, Business Intelligence, and ETL using:  • Teradata SQL: 8+ years  • Oracle PL/SQL: 8 + years  • Business Objects: 5+ years  • Business Objects Universe Design: 2+ years  • WEBI Reports: 3+ years  • Shell Scripting: 5+ years  • Crystal Reports: 2+ year  • Xcelcius and Tableau: < 1 year  • Informatica: < 1 year  • PowerBuilder: 5+ years  • UNIX: 8+ years  • VAX-VMS Mainframe: 1+ year    Systems Experience  • Programming Languages: Teradata SQL, PL/SQL Oracle 9i, 8 & 7.3, PowerBuilder 10, 8 & 6.5, COBOL, Knowledge of C#  • Databases: Teradata, Oracle 9i, Oracle 8, Oracle 7.3, SQL Server, MS Access  • Data Modeling Tools: Oracle Designer, Power Designer, Business Objects Designer  • Database Tools: Rapid SQL, SQL*PLUS, SQL*Loader  • Scripting: UNIX Shell Scripting    • Operating Systems: UNIX, Windows, VAX VMS    Professional ExperienceBinod Panda Streetsboro, OH - Willing to relocate to: Sacramento, CA - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Southern California Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Integration Engineer PerkinElmer - Akron, OH - September 2014 to Present (1 year, 11 months) My current role is a Software Integration Engineer which requires for me to lead collaboration efforts with colleagues and customers to find solutions related to Newborn Screening software and databases. In this role, I am the problem solver, fixer, and supporter for our customers. The Software Integration Engineer must have the ability to anticipate what questions customers will have about features and functionality and effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences. I have database experience, strong technical skills and a strong customer service orientation. Laboratory Technician PerkinElmer Genetics - Richmond, CA - February 2012 to Present (4 years, 6 months) Responsibilities  Prepared live-patient samples for analysis using dried-blood spot (DBS) puncher; performed DNA extraction protocol on patient samples in preparation for analysis using RT-PCR; trained newly hired personnel in laboratory assay; updated SOPs to be clearer and more accurate; performed troubleshooting with problems arising from assay; performed maintenance and troubleshooting on laboratory equipment; maintained detailed laboratory maintenance log; communicated with third-party suppliers and services as required; performed inventory duties including ordering laboratory supplies and proper stocking    Accomplishments  First, I brought immediate change in laboratory atmosphere with my "can-do" attitude. Also, I took a proactive approach to my duties and asked to be assigned Preventative Maintenance duties as the previous holder of that duty could not handle it. This task required me to retroactively organize maintenance logs as there were lots of missing information. I also helped troubleshoot laboratory problems that the lab was going through at the time of my hire. As we work in a "lab within a lab" setting with the California Department of Public Health, I established a strong working relationship with my counterparts from the State. I reorganized the laboratory equipment and supplies to improve laboratory efficiency.I created timetables for laboratory tasks, including cleaning and performing preventative maintenance.     Skills Used  In this position, I was able to use and improve my skills in communication, critical thinking, organization, creativity, ability to think "outside the box", proper record keeping, and working as a team. Education Master's (M.S.) in Applied Business Analytics Management Boston University 2016 to 2018 B.S. Biology (Clinical laboratory sciences) and Minor in Chemistry in Biology California State University, Sacramento - Sacramento, CA 2007 to 2010 Skills Microsoft SQL Server (3 years), Automated laboratory equipment (2 years), automated liquid handlers (2 years), laboratory notebook record-keeping (2 years), laboratory equipment technical troubleshooting (2 years), strong communication skills (10+ years), highly proficient with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) (10+ years), Software Engineering (3 years), Training & Development (10+ years), Customer Support (10+ years), Software Configuration (4 years), SQL Scripting (5 years), Agile (1 year)Logan McDonald Manager of Business Development - from Pleasant Hill, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager of Business Development - from Cooper Software Design - 2013 to February 2016 (3 years, 1 month) Recruited as the business development lead at Cooper to bolster revenue growth and to overhaul their sales processes. During that tenure we were able to increase annual sales by 30% each year; climbing from 4M to 8M+ in gross sales.    Along with overseeing day to day sales operations; I outlined new business development strategies, achieved sales growth targets, and directed the implementation of new sales processes and software.    Serving as the primary point of contact for all prospective Cooper clients, I directed all business development operations for both major channels of business, training and consulting. While engineering sales processes and procedures at Cooper, I was able to help them move from an ad-hoc, hand-written sales process to a new, formalized sales methodology and structure that mapped to a fully deployed, highly customized SalesForce platform.    Selected accomplishments:  + Increased overall annual sales by +1M each year  + Presented, negotiated, and won contracts with numerous Fortune 100 companies  + Directed the implementation of SalesForce as their new CRM and served as SalesForce administrator; tailoring the software so it mapped to their sales processes and reported informative and actionable data. Business Development Manager - from TP3 Learning and Consulting - 2010 to 2013 (3 years) Responsible for new business development and sales generation outcomes for a diverse pipeline spread across Australia, New Zealand, and Asia Pacific.    Selected accomplishments:    + Award winning sales performance including first to exceed annual target on two occasions; and highest individual sale  + Formed a partnership with a sales consulting firm to strengthen the sales skills at TP3, by introducing strategic selling, as well increasing both companies' offerings and opening new revenue streams  + Spearheaded the implementation of a new CRM and trained sales staff on the platform Account and Project Manager - from Kister, Savio, & Rei, Surveying and Engineering - 2008 to 2010 (2 years) Served as account manager; team coordinator and draftsman for a surveying and engineering firm. Account Manager - from Deckers Outdoor Corporation - 2005 to 2008 (3 years) Managed a portfolio of key accounts as well as the north eastern US territory. Education Bachelor of Arts University of California Santa Barbara - Santa Barbara, CA 2004 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), SalesForce (6 years)Software/QA intern Student studying at San Francisco State University with prior IT experience Concord, CA - -> Currently studying in San Francisco State University, Computer Science. GPA: 3.95/4. Expected graduation: Dec, 2016.  -> Having Bachelor of Technology Degree in Information Technology from India.  -> Total experience of 4.5 years in IT industry in India.  -> Developed projects in Android, Ruby on Rails and Java.  -> Microsoft Certified Technology Analyst for SharePoint 2010 Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software/QA intern Sungevity - Oakland, CA - June 2016 to Present Enhancing software of company's solar platform. Teaching Assistant San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA - October 2015 to May 2016 Responsibilities  Grading and helping students to solve computer science related problems Senior Subject Matter Expert Amdocs - Pune, Maharashtra - April 2012 to October 2013 Responsibilities:  Developing applications in SharePoint 2007 and 2010    Accomplishments:  ->Got training in basics of SharePoint 2013  ->I’ve been part of interview panel for recruiting new people at Amdocs.    Projects:    Amdocs Blogs  Technologies used: SharePoint 2010, ASP.NET, C#  Database: SQL Server 2008  Responsibility: Requirement analysis, Development   This project has two parts:   Migration of existing blogs data from SQL Server database to SharePoint environment.   Creating new blogs system with enhanced features.   The project included functionality of creating new blog site, adding new posts, comments, viewing and filtering blogs on basis of groups/dates/tags/popularity and FAST search.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Amdocs.com site  Technologies used: SharePoint 2007, ASP.NET, C#  Responsibility: Development   This is global website of Amdocs built in SharePoint. This project required to release new version of the site by updating the existing web site’s master page and page layouts with some other functionality like image slider, home page hijacking etc.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Hall of Fame  Technologies used: SharePoint Designer 2010  Responsibility: Requirement analysis, Design, Development, Deployment   The purpose of this project is to highlight people’s achievements by creating marquee for Hall of fame and user can view the details and filter according to the dates. Software Engineer CGI - Pune, Maharashtra - July 2011 to April 2012 Responsibilities:  Designing and developing applications in SharePoint and asp.net    Projects:    eSupport 3.0  Technologies used: SharePoint 2007, ASP.NET, C#  Responsibility: Analysis, Development   This is a ticketing system which included many types of service requests and complex workflow and request forms to approve reject or cancel the particular request state.   As the system needed dynamic solution for several types of requests, ‘nWorkflow’ tool was created to setup workflows for different parameters and approval levels.   The system is mapped to current request management system of CGI.   Developed ‘Escalation’ which is an independent module in eSupport which provides escalation facility if the request is not completed within specified duration depending upon various parameters.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Site Information Collection  Technologies used: ASP.NET C#, SharePoint 2007  Database: SQL Server 2005  Responsibility: Analysis, Design, Development, Deployment   The project was to create a web application which will fetch certain information (for e.g. site owner, site created date etc) of SharePoint sites in the farm and save it to a SQL database.   This is done in order to check usability of sites and delete sites which are not being used.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Shipping Utility tool  Technologies used: ASP.NET, C#, AJAX, VB  Database: Oracle  Responsibility: Analysis, Development   This project involves conversion from existing desktop shipping utility which was built up in pure VB to asp.net c# web application with enhancements. System Engineer Infosys Technologies Limited - Chandigarh, Chandigarh - June 2009 to June 2011 Training:  I’ve undergone 6 months training at Infosys from June 2009-Dec 2009, at Mysore Training center. I’ve achieved 5/5 CGPA. The training included following:    -> Generic training: Basics of programming and object oriented concepts.  -> .NET Stream training: HTML, XML and CSS, Basics of .net Programming using C#, SQL Server.  -> Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) 2007: MOSS Fundamentals and Administration  -> ILI (Infosys Institute of Leadership): Interpersonal skill development like communication, speak up, working in multicultural environment.    I’ve undergone training of following at Chandigarh, Infosys:  -> SharePoint 2010 Basics    Accomplishments:   I was amongst the top 10 in MOSS Championship competition organized at Infosys across all the branches in India for analyzing given case study and designs its implementation in MOSS.  Projects:    SharePoint 2010 Enterprise Portal  Technologies used: SharePoint 2010, ASP.NET, C#  Database: SQL Server 2008  Responsibility: Requirement analysis, Design, Development, Deployment   The primary objective of the portal is to consolidate all regional portals into one global portal while adding collaboration and knowledge management features.    Since the users of the portal are distributed all over the world, multilingual functionality needs to be incorporated.   Other functionality consist of managing metadata for users, customizing out of the box SharePoint interface, developing custom web parts which can be reused in future and making efficient deployment package for client.    The project is divided in four major types of portals:     Publishing portal: For content submission, content authoring, versioning, web content management, search, regional and corporate content separation, news and events at company etc.    Collaboration Portal: Used for collaboration among various departments. The document collaboration, approval workflow, versioning, structuring libraries and site collection are key considerations in this portal.    My Site: Personal site collection for individual employees with custom branding.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Slideshow web part  Technologies used: JavaScript, ASP.NET C#, SharePoint 2007  Responsibility: Analysis, Development   In this project, we made a reusable slide show web part. The web part showed images in dynamic format, automatically rotating after fixed interval. Slideshow indicators were provided to go to a particular image.    The data of image and its description was taken from a picture library. Slide interval, picture library name, number of indicators etc is made configurable dynamically in order to make this component reusable.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  BCS Implementation  Technologies used: SharePoint 2010, ASP.NET, C#  Database: SQL Server 2008  Responsibility: Analysis, Development   Business Connectivity Services (BCS) provides a way to connect SharePoint solutions to sources of external data.    In this POC, we implemented and tested BCS capabilities with SQL Server 2008 by SharePoint Designer and Visual Studio 2010. Education Master's in Computer Science San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA 2015 to 2016 Bachelor of Technology(B.Tech) in Information Technology Nirma University - Gujarat, India 2005 to 2009 Skills Microsoft Sharepoint (5 years), Asp.Net (4 years), Android (1 year), Java (1 year), C# (4 years), Ruby (Less than 1 year), Ruby on Rails (Less than 1 year), HTML (5 years), Javascript (5 years), JQuery (5 years), CSS (5 years), PHP (Less than 1 year), SQL (5 years), MySQL (1 year), iOS swift (Less than 1 year), Unity (Less than 1 year), C (3 years) Links http://rujoota.blogspot.in https://github.com/rujoota https://www.linkedin.com/in/rujoota Certifications Microsoft SharePoint 2010 Application Development July 2013 to Present Additional Information My overall achievements:   I was amongst the top 10 in MOSS Championship competition organized at Infosys across all the branches in India for analyzing given case study and designs its implementation in MOSS.   Selected as one of the finalists in the project competition organized by Nirmalabs at Nirma University.   I’ve achieved first Prize in Debugging Competition in Tetrathlon organized by Computer Society of India at Nirma University.   I’ve been part of interview panel for recruiting new people at Amdocs.Lindo Payumo Software Engineer Fairfield, CA - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer ORACLE - Pleasanton, CA - February 2005 to November 2015 (10 years, 9 months) Responsible for daily builds of various Enterprise PeopleSoft application software.  Responsible for installing all necessary software applications and configuring all new Windows- based Enterprise Application Build Servers.  Worked with developers in resolving code issues during the build process and provided ClearCase  Administrative assistance.  Consulted and coordinated with other departments in resolving build and technical issues.  Responsible for handling and producing the PeopleSoft Escrow Media and uploading them onto the appropriate SFTP site.  Responsible for the production and storage of all Legacy PeopleSoft Archive products.  Participated in projects to update and/or enhance the build automation software process.  Assisted in managing network shares and file servers.  Responsible for producing and updating installation and upgrade documentation. Software Engineer PEOPLESOFT, INC - Pleasanton, CA - March 2002 to February 2005 (2 years, 11 months) Responsible for building the CRM Advanced Configurator product.  Assisted in developing, testing, and documentation of system build process for the Enterprise  PeopleSoft Applications.  Responsible for daily build activities of various Enterprise PeopleSoft Application Products. Systems Administrator CALICO COMMERCE, INC - San Jose, CA - August 1995 to March 2002 (6 years, 7 months) Assisted in the hiring, training, and supervising of support staff.  Helped design and configure the CRM application used to track customer issues.  Responsible for the configuration and maintenance of the customer support machines.  Provided technical support to users and internal personnel regarding hardware and software  issues. Education Computer Science San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA Skills Java (Less than 1 year), PHP (5 years), C# (Less than 1 year) Certifications Life License March 2013 to March 2017 California Life and Health License Additional Information Strong problem solving and multitasking abilities.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Working knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL.  Administrative knowledge of ClearCase source code management system (7.1.2), github  Programming skills in Java, PHP, C#, PERL, Shell, Batch scripting language.Customer Service/Software Support Customer Service/Software Support Antioch, CA - Work Experience Customer Service/Software Support Wells Fargo Bank - Antioch, CA - 2007 to 2010 (3 years) Provided advanced technical navigation support to customers, personal finance software, QuickBooks and Quicken  ➢ Assisted with hardware and software operating issues pertaining to account set up and cancellations  ➢ Provided quality customer service and Technical support over the phone to an average of 50 customers daily  ➢ Responsible for cross selling of new products and features available to customers  ➢ Maintained or exceeded customer satisfaction rating at all times  ➢ Utilized internal and external resources in order to effectively assist customers Collections Agent Venturi Staffing Partners - Concord, CA - 2005 to 2007 (2 years) Responsible for reviewing of delinquent accounts and contacting customers in order to collect on past due amounts  ➢ Responsible for organizing collection work load according to degree of delinquency  ➢ Verified accuracy of all collection accounts and ensured compliance with state and federal collection practices  ➢ Continuously exceeded daily collection goals as established by organization  ➢ Answered 30 calls daily and provided quality customer service Collections Agent Bay Area Credit Service - Antioch, CA - 2003 to 2005 (2 years) Responsible for generation of monthly billing statements for customers  ➢ Provided follow up and collection procedures to customers with overdue and delinquent accounts  ➢ Re-established past customer and business accounts  ➢ Provided quality customer service through phone presentations of current and future products Online Customer Service Specialist Bank Of America - Concord, CA - 2001 to 2003 (2 years) Assisted customers with online account access and enrollment  ➢ Provided technical support to customers installing Quicken and Microsoft Money Software  ➢ Reviewed customer account information and made product and service referrals  ➢ Provided online technical support by answering general account questions and inquiries Education Bachelor of Science in Business Management Los Medanos College - Pittsburg, CA 2017 Additional Information Qualifications Profile    Self-motivated, highly dedicated and passionate professional, offering more than 10 years of experience across the customer service and call center field. Skilled at managing functional customer management as well as Equipped with proactive leadership in setting up strategic vision and delivering positive results. Expert in promoting positive work environment crucial in improving organizational effectiveness and efficiency. Highly recognized for big-picture vision, dynamic direction and tenacity to make high-stake decisions using experience-backed judgment, strong work ethic and irreproachable integrity. Possess the ability to communicate effectually across management levels and disciplines to build highly effective cross-functional teams. Proficient in Microsoft Office SuiteHusna Gafoor Software Developer Davis, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Developer Veterinary Information Network Inc - February 2015 to September 2015 (7 months) Project:  ● Internal Website - My Stuff Application  My role was to upgrade the current application, involving changes to the database as well as frontend. Database queries  were enhanced to handle speed issues involving large datasets.  Environment: .NET framework(ASP.NET) 2013, MS SQL 2008, HTML jQuery. Software Developer IMOD Assessment Feature - May 2015 to May 2015 (1 month) Project:  The Instructional Module Development (IMOD) system is a semantic web-based tool that guides STEM educators through the complex task of outcomes-based course design. This was a part of my thesis development work where I was responsible for  defining, designing and implementing assessment feature of the tool.  Environment: Grails, HTML5, jQuery, CSS3, javascript, Bootstrap, PostgreSQL, GIT. IT Developer Freescale Semiconductors Inc - July 2013 to October 2014 (1 year, 3 months) Projects:  ● Parametric Selector  My role in the project was to build tablet version of the parametric selector using best practices for responsive design & also build the Export features for different file formats i.e Excel and PDF on any supported device.  Environment: Java SPRING framework, AngularJS, jQuery, Google Search Appliance 7.2, Apache POI, HTML5, CSS3,  Bootstrap.  ● Freescale Search  My role in the project was to build and update the search on the company's mobile website and customizing it according to the organization of data on the mobile site.  Environment: Java, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, Google Search Appliance 7.0, XSLT. Developer Intel Corporation - August 2012 to May 2013 (9 months) Projects:  ● Resources  My role was to build a tool that enables the Finance Business Analyst (FBA) to submit, review final plans, check budgets, verify  expenses between the finance department and the CSC organization.  Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio 2012(c#), MVV* Framework., SQL Server Management Studio, jQuery, Typescript,  Knockout, KendoUI.  ● Purchase Manager  My role was to build a tool that enables CSG group members to record purchases that were made. The tool captures consistent  records by validating and scheduling all services in a synchronized framework.  Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio 2012(c#), MVC Framework., SQL Server Management Studio, jQuery, javascript.. Summer Intern Pacific Gas & Electric - May 2012 to August 2012 (3 months) Project:  ● IT-Metrics Dashboard  My role was to build a dashboard that consolidatse various reports and provide a dynamic and interactive display of all the metrics gathered for the IT department. The dashboard had user defined access options for different reports and features within the tool.  Environment: Microsoft Visual Studio(vb.net, c#), SQL Server Management Studio 2008, and Crystal Reports. Data Analyst GoDaddy Inc - August 2011 to May 2012 (9 months) Project:  ● Hosting Customer Experience Monitor  The project involved collecting and processing of large performance data from various servers hosted by Go Daddy. My role in the project was to analyze the data using various visualization as well as statistical approaches and final results were patterns and relationships that influenced performance of the websites.  Environment: The front end - PHP, Middle tier - Kettle(ETL) and Mondrain(OLAP), . Back End - MonetDB (query optimization  tool), External sources - WebPage Test, ShowSlow, 4GH Shared Hosting, Hadoop reports. Data Analyst GoDaddy Inc - January 2012 to April 2012 (3 months) Web Developer Avesena Home Health Care Inc - 2010 to 2010 (1 month) Project:  ● Avesena Website Development  Volunteered to setup Avesena Home Healthcare, Inc's. Website. Primary tasks included requirements gathering, website content  management, testing and error reporting. Responsible for the creation and publishing of various documents and content.  Environment: PHP, MySQL, Flash, Joomla on the front end. Java Developer Renaissance Soft-lab - June 2008 to June 2009 (1 year) Project:  ● Wi-Fi surveillance in a stadium  The project was a mobile domain application development, using Wi-Fi as a medium of communication, images from various  cameras are directly transferred to handheld devices(Mobile phones) each held by a security personnel, avoiding any need of large control rooms taking a stadium as a scenario. The project involved knowledge of core Java programming with advance  concepts like JSP, Struts, J2ME.  Environment: Oracle 10g, MS SQL 2000/2005, J2ME, Java, Apache Tomcat Server, and Java Servlet. Building queries in SQL Server Management studios - 2008 to 2008 (1 month) and performing analysis of data to generate predictive patterns.  • Working with various report building tools to assist the sales associates and building an efficient data source for analysis. Education Masters of Science in Software Engineering Arizona State University 2015 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University 2009 Additional Information SKILLS  Databases: Languages: App/Web Servers:  MS SQL Server, Oracle 10g, mySQL, C, C#, Java, J2ME, Python, ASP.NET, Apache Tomcat, JBoss.  PostgreSQL. VB.NET, Grails.  Presentation Layer:  Methodologies: Case Tools:  XML, XSLT, JSP, Java AWT, HTML, HTML5,  Object Oriented Design, Unified Rational Rose, Microsoft Visio,  CSS, CSS3, Bootstrap,  Modeling Language (UML), Model Eclipse IDE, Visual Studio.NET,  JavaScript(jQuery, D3, AngularJS),  View Controller(MVC) Framework. NetBeans, GNU.  Microsoft SharePoint.  Operating Systems: Testing & Other Tools:  Software Development Methodologies  Windows, Linux, OSX. Microsoft Office Suite, Manual testing,  Rational Unified Process(RUP), Agile  Team Foundation Server(TFS), Rational  processes- SCRUM, KANBAN, Use Case  Team Concert(RTC), Google Search  Driven Development(UDD).  Appliance.Richard Mantha Skilled and professional Arts production and performance Concord, CA - All-rounder with a history of getting things done from Production to Performance, Office and Trades. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Workshop Steward and Office Assistant Aspire Foundation - London - June 2010 to October 2015 Install office software and hardware systems, workshop management, equipment maintenance, delivery, repair schedules, tablet based repair ticket software. Live Sound Engineer Ciro's Pomodoro - London - 2002 to October 2015 London, UK * 2002 - OCT 2015  • Responsible for live mixing, transport, set up/break-down & maintenance of sound equipment for live performances for individual artists and bands.  Live Sound Engineer - also designed and installed permanent sound system. Singer and Musician, Producer, Songwriter Trench City - London - January 1990 to October 2015 • Singer and Musician, Producer, Songwriter, Sound Engineer, Road Manager, Agent- • 3000+ live performances with Trench City, Ends of Culture, Donkey Jive -London, UK Jan 1990 to OCT 2015  • Co-wrote, produced, recorded, post-production 'Coming With the Force' by Trench City 2010.  Designed and built custom project studio. Kings Head Theater Trench City - London - 2000 to 2014 Worked as audio engineer for live performance for individual artists and bands. Executive Producer Trench City - London, OH - 2010 to 2010 Produced, recorded, mixed, essentially every step of the production process from inception to release bar post-mastering. Produced to broadcast quality and received modest commercial airplay in UK and Europe. Also produced videos. Set up production crews and schedules, client relations and contracts. Education BA with Honors in Broadcast Communication Arts San Francisco State University Aeronautical Engineering San Jose State University electronics assembler certification Oakland High School Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Electrical (10+ years) Additional Information Personal Skills:  • Highly responsible, technically skilled, detailed -oriented, music professional and arts performer.  • Hard worker but always keep a sense of humor.  • Quick thinker, learner and problem solver.  • Good team member but always happy to lead when my skills warrant it.  • Articulate, friendly and generous personality with the ability to handle difficult people and challenging situations with a smile.  • Ability to focus for extended periods on detailed tasks without losing sight of the bigger picture.    Arts Production Skills:  • Experienced with real and virtual mixing board, sub-mixes, pre & post aux, monitor mixes, inserts  • Knowledge of how & when to use gate & compressors, side-chaining, speaker placements, using eq & speaker placement for manual feedback suppression, basic close-mic techniques and mic selection considerations.  • Managed countless time-sensitive projects exhibiting high problem solving skills and providing alternatives set-ups or for repairing failed components.  • Skilled with digital audio mixing software & plug-in chains & how to apply real-world mixing techniques.  • Knowledge of basic power amp installation & set-up, cross-overs, bi-amps, active & passive speaker set-ups.  • Electronics assembly & repair background.  • Skills with doing titles & basic video special effects in various domestic grade video editing applications (i.e. Adobe Premier, Adobe Photoshop, etc.).  • Experience in 3-point lighting techniques, green-screen, video recording, camera techniques.  • Very comfortable using Logic Audio, Cubase, Reaper, and other DAW software.  • Experienced in production & post production of broadcast quality music, spoken voice, & sound effects at all stages from inception to public release.  • Excellent interpersonal skills (expertise with handling demanding personalities).  • Driving proficiency of large vehicles with understanding of lifting & loading techniques of sound equipment in a secure and efficient manner.  • Capable with Microsoft, Android and Apple operating systems, competent with Microsoft Office, i.e. using spreadsheets for data management of performances mixes, etc.    Performing Arts Skills:  • Experience in every aspect of performing and producing live and recorded works.  • Specialist in writing, playing and producing African and Caribbean music, also experienced in RnB, Rock, and children's music.  • Accomplished guitarist, good bassist, can also play drums, percussion and keyboards.  • Approx 3000 live music performances to audiences up to 20,000 plus several video, presenter and acting performances including charity work with schools, hospitals, and orphanages and award winning theater group for mixed needs children.  • Accomplished Guitarist and Multi-instrumentalist, Singer (lead and backing), and Songwriter with Published works.  • Acting skills, member of British Equity Actors Union, voice skills with dialects including British and American accents.  • Good Lyrical and Musical improvisational skills.  • Experienced at teaching music and conducting small ensembles.    Admin and Office Skills:  • Extensive Property management experience including choosing potential tenants, attending and chairing manager, tenant and board meetings. Arrange and perform building maintenance. Served several years as property accountant including setting and managing yearly budgets, banking and audits of property.  • Knowledge of Windows Office with competent skill-set using Excel, Word, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe video editing software, website maintenance with familiarity of SQL database applications.  • Proficiency to learn and adapt to a variety of other computer applications.  • Office management skills including employment letters, sales invoices, automated billing, basic contracts and negotiating with clients.    Trade Skills:  • Experienced with electronic repairs, often in highly time-sensitive situations.  • Very experienced driving large vehicles including delivery and pick-up, safe loading and un-loading.  • Jack-of-all-trades at building from scratch having designed and constructed sets, furniture, instruments, custom tools, and electronic gadgets.  • Extensive construction skills and familiar with power tools.  • Experience with maintaining and repairing various gas-powered landscape tools.  • Forklift driving experience.  • Ride-on mower experience.  • Extensive grounds maintenance knowledge    Other Skills:  • Personal experiences with people diagnosed ASD, including a family member with Asperger syndrome.  • Participated in film production involving filming of stereotypical behaviors of autistic children for Therapy staff study.  • Volunteer experience as swim instructor for children with severe physical and learning difficulties. Received "Good Citizenship" award from the City of Oakland.  • Fluent in French and sufficient in Spanish.    Office Work Experience:    • Health and Safety Officer and Office Assistant, Aspire Foundation: London, UK Jan 2010 to Oct 2015  • Office Manager, Treasurer, IPS Community London, UK Jan 2010 to Oct 2015  Band Administrator, Business Manager*See bands below June 1985 to Oct 2015Proteus Digital Health, Sr. Manager Software Quality Assurance Proteus Digital Health, Sr. Manager Software Quality Assurance - Milestone Albany, CA - Work Experience Proteus Digital Health, Sr. Manager Software Quality Assurance Milestone - 2012 to Present Validation Engineer and Project Manager Commissioning Agents, Inc - 2008 to 2012 Project Manager / Validation Specialist Validation Systems Inc - 2006 to 2008 Sr. Production Specialist III Bayer HealthCare - 2004 to 2006 Biomedical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley - Berkeley, CA - 2003 to 2003 System Administrator, Local Area Network United States Marine Corps - 1992 to 1998 LAN) Specialist, and Mainframe Technician    Proteus Digital Health, Sr. Manager Software Quality Assurance Redwood City, CA  • Responsible for all aspects of SQA group (staffing and managing teams, define departmental vision, scheduling and budgeting of equipment and activities, SOPs, training plans, training, and testing strategies).  • Support of QA activities (Design Controls, Document Reviews, Vendor Audits, Risk Assessments, Quality Plan, Process Improvement, Inventory Control, and Compilation of DHF)  • Managed Verification and Validation of the Medical Device and all Computer Systems (Manufacturing Executions System, Manufacturing Equipment, various category III - V database and web applications, class II medical device (ingestible sensor, wearable sensor, mobile application [iOS and Android]), MDDS data platform, PHR system, web portals, Document Management System, version control system, and defect tracking system)  • Worked with cross-functional teams developing software under various software development paradigms (waterfall, agile, scrum, iteratively) to ensure appropriate testing and compliance with regulatory and guidance documents (ISO 13485, MMA, ISO 14971, 21 CFR Part 820, Part 11, IEC 62304, Premarket Submission for Software Contained in Medical Devices, General Principals of Software Validation, GAMP V, Cyber Security, Agile for Medical Devices TIR)  • War room and SME audit support (internal, vendor, ISO, and FDA) for design controls, software development processes and testing.  • Expert knowledge on manual and automated testing, creation of master plans, assessment of requirements and risk, procedures, test plans, protocols, summary reports, and release reports.  • Part of team revising procedures to transition organization toward agile development methodology.  • Assessed and implemented various software solutions to support growing needs of the organization (creation of RFPs, vendor audits, through to system Go Live)    Commissioning Agents, Inc., Validation Engineer and Project Manager  (Genentech, Inc. Vacaville, CA)  • Assembly of revalidation documentation reviews for annual revalidation  • Wrote PQ protocols for revalidation of equipment.  • Managed team of five test engineers for cleaning validation and equipment validation of manufacturing suite(s)  • Performance and management of Multi-Use Cleaning and Dirty-hold / CIP studies for several products  • Assessment and creation of configuration management program for site    (XymoGenetics, Inc. Seattle, WA)  • Assessment and Validation of Building Monitoring System  • Streamlined legacy BMS testing  • Validation Plan and execution of plan to support transition of laboratory to new site.    Validation Systems Inc, Project Manager / Validation Specialist  (Stiefel (Connetics) Corporation, Palo Alto, CA)  • Wrote Microsoft Share Point I/O/PQ validation documents including approach analysis for deployment.  • Reviewed Microsoft Share Point training documentation and SOPs.  • Wrote and executed Complaint Database System revalidation (Access Db).  • Analysis of current GxP Network assets / documentation for retro-validation.  • HPLC (Agilent) validation documentation quality review, assessment, and remediation process (Gap Analysis).  • Mass Spectrometer (Thermo) validation documentation quality review, assessment, and remediation process.    (Intermune Corporation, Palo Alto, CA)  • Revised and executed SLIM and SLIM Stat Plus Software I/O/PQ while working with a project team.  • Wrote protocol and final reports for MedDRA version upgrade.  • Assessed, Revised ARIS Global 5.1 upgrade Validation Documentation for version upgrade.  • Wrote VMP, Risk Assessment, Design Specifications, URS for ARIS Global 5.1 upgrade validation documentation package.    (Affymetrix Corporation, W. Sacramento, CA)  • Wrote and executed IOPQ Validation Protocols for a new Building Management System as part of a DNA Chip facilities expansion project.  • Executed and managed validation of multiple Cold Boxes and Freezers.  • Wrote site VMP for Array, Manufacturing, and Instrumentation Departments.  • Wrote, executed and managed IOQ of Vacuum System for the expansion facility.  • Executed the IOQ for the HVAC System for the expansion facility.    (Nastech Pharmaceutical Company Bothell, WA)  • Managed scheduling of validation projects including tracking of staff hours using Microsoft Project.  • Developed and wrote I/O/PQ Protocol for the organization's Wide Area Network.  • Performed and wrote a Risk Assessment for the Wide Area Network.  • Executed validations (I/O/PQ) for SAS and WinNonLin statistical software.  • Wrote and executed PQ Protocols for multiple Glassware Washers, Refrigerators, Freezers, Stability Chambers, and Incubators.    Bayer HealthCare, Sr. Production Specialist III Berkeley, California  • Managed a staff of four production specialists as a Lead for a state of the art Sterile Filling & Freeze-drying start-up facility to meet project goals and multiple deadlines.  • Wrote Standard Operating Procedures and Batch Production Records for production use.  • Performed Real Time Review and discrepancy resolution of production documentation for submittal to QA.  • Worked with validation engineers, quality personnel, and production managers to coordinate, perform, and enable equipment testing for validation of autoclaves, parts washer, stopper dryer, lyophilizer, VHP, filling and stoppering line, capping line, bulk tanks, filter integrity testing, facility cleaning, facility water, chemical formulation, gowning, air flow visualization, aseptic installation of change parts, and NVP monitoring.  • Determined best practice regarding material and personnel flow through an aseptic production facility with strict adherence to cGMPs.  • Procured and managed supplies from vendors for production activities related to normal facility operation and licensing, while implementing a 6S storage philosophy.    United States Marine Corps  • Performed duties as a System Administrator, Local Area Network (LAN) Specialist, and Mainframe Technician  • "Master trouble-shooter" - go to person for difficult to solve issuesAshley Lynds Account Manager Scottsdale, AZ - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sales Manager Iris Pr Software - Phoenix, AZ - March 2015 to Present (1 year, 5 months) Responsibilities  ● Responsible for cold & warm prospecting  ● Develop, define and put into play sales process   ● Host virtual and on site demo presentations and see through sales cycle until close   ● Collaborate with other team units for best business practices and processes Account Manager InfoArmor - Scottsdale, AZ - January 2011 to March 2015 (4 years, 2 months) Ensure clients have positive experience with service and implementation  • Assist with day to day reporting, marketing and business functions  • Defined and put into play business process flows using Salesforce.com  • Responsible for creating and writing subscriber communications  • Designed and implemented training program and materials for customer care team  • Project and vendor management  • Managing 60 + accounts and a team of sales executives  • Liaison between multiple divisions in company to ensure proper delivery of service Salt, Cocktail Server iPic Theaters - Scottsdale, AZ - May 2011 to January 2013 (1 year, 8 months) Practiced effective communication with patrons to ensure quality service standards are met from start to finish  • Special event promotion through the use of social media and WOM marketing  • Corporate events catering and VIP bottle service Administrative and Marketing Coordinator GBA Gold - Scottsdale, AZ - June 2010 to November 2010 (5 months) Responsible for coordination of all marketing correspondences along with Marketing Director  • Executive Assistant to CEO managing day to day administrative duties and travel schedule  • Managed CRM Software and trained appropriate sales staff employees  • Managed critical customer accounts and correspondences  • Extensive office management duties including supply management, communications and front office staff Server/Bartender Troon Country Club - Scottsdale, AZ - September 2008 to July 2010 (1 year, 10 months) Daily set-up and breakdown of catering events and day to day service  • Used effective communication to greet and serve members  • Trained new employees  • Assisted with concierge and hostess duties  • Monthly bar inventory and ordering Executive Assistant Lieberman Companies - Scottsdale, AZ - September 2009 to June 2010 (9 months) Responsible for the management and coordination of travel, meetings and schedules  • Extensive administrative responsibilities including managing multi-line phone system  • Coordinated office collateral including mail, billing and marketing material  • Maintained inventory of crucial supplies for two locations  • Use of Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook to handle day-to-day office tasks Server/Bartender Desert Mountain Country Club - Scottsdale, AZ - August 2006 to April 2008 (1 year, 8 months) Lead server  • Trained new staff members  • Ensured service was of the up-most quality  • Created banquet event orders and assisted with set up • Daily lunch/dinner service tasks  • Monthly bar inventory Education BS in Marketing Arizona State University 2010 Skills Microsoft office (10+ years), sales (6 years), salesforce (5 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Business Development (4 years), SAAS (5 years), Business Process Improvement (6 years), Implementation (5 years)Lead Software Developer Lead Software Developer Hercules, CA - ● Built and maintained products for both internal company use and external clients, mainly consisting of websites, VBA macros, and C# applications  ● Project planning, cost estimation, writing project proposals, team coordination, task management, process automation, system administration, and general IT support experience  ● Extensive work with big data sets and protected healthcare information (PHI), holding a high standard for HIPAA security  ● Environments: LAMP, JIRA, Bitbucket/Git, Ubuntu Server, Windows Server 2008 R2, VMWare, MS Office Suite, MS Visual Studio  ● Languages: PHP, CSS, MySQL, jQuery, Javascript, Bootstrap, Symfony, Twig, Doctrine, C/C++/C#, VBA, JSON, AJAX, XML, Python Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Software Developer HFS Consultants - Oakland, CA - April 2009 to November 2015 Business Management Platform  Worked with and lead programming teams to build a business system for an automotive dismantling company to manage their business. The system would be used to manage employees, vehicle and parts inventory, vehicle negotiations and transport, marketplace, and automatic vehicle estimates. Was built to allow similar automotive dismantling companies to purchase use of the system, providing an additional source of revenue. Setup, maintained, and managed a JIRA and BitBucket server for project organization, task assignments, and code management.    Demand Model Summary Tool  Built an analytics system that generated reports based on millions rows of OSHPD patient discharge data (PDD). The reports summarized patient discharges from care, days spent in care, and the average length of stay (ALOS) per patient for various types of care, all compared to competing hospitals and clinics. Resulted in transforming the first 2 week processing phase into 2 hours.    Company Intranet  Rebuilt the company's employee intranet site using Bootstrap, improved site navigation and usability, made it more accessible to employees on their mobile devices, and made it easier to update more often.    OSHPD Data Analyzer  Excel macro used to trend OSHPD financial data automatically, provide information and insight to HFS employees, enabling them to advise hospitals and rural clinics on ways to improve their costs and efficiency. Efficiency due to automation improved process runtime from 2 weeks to 2 days.    Job Scheduler  Excel macro used to increase the ease and efficiency of creating and managing monthly schedules for employees and managers. Resulted in an average time savings of 8 hours per month.    System & Network Administration  - Account creation and management for all systems  - Building and maintaining Windows and Linux servers in a VM environment  - Pricing and ordering both equipment and software  - Coordinated companywide software upgrades  - Writing technical documentation    IT Support  - Employee and client IT assistance  - Staff meeting setup  - Equipment assembly and installation  - Computer repairs and upgrades  - Inventory management Education BS in Computer Science Sonoma State University - Rohnert Park, CA May 2008Ashley Gaona Receptionist, Medical assistant , Sales associate Dixon, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Patient Scheduler Redwood eye center - Vallejo, CA - March 2016 to Present (5 months) •Set appointments per patient   •Referrals   •Customer service   •File patient documents   •Insurance verification   •Experience with All Scripts software Client Care Coordinator Pricesimms Auto Group - Fairfield, CA - June 2015 to December 2015 (6 months) Responsibilities  •Set appointments   •Customer service   •Data entry   •Price quotes   •Answered multiple phone lines   •Faxed documents   •Emailed documents Medical assistant elan medical spa - Fairfield, CA - September 2013 to November 2014 (1 year, 2 months) Responsibilities  Injections   Draw blood/send to lab  Insurance verification  Set appts  Drew up botox , mic , b 12 , for procedures.  Worked on DX scanner  Stocked inventory   Data entry   Set up rooms per patient  Checked patients vitals  Front and back office  Worked with epic software Receptionist CUT LOOSE HAIR SALON - February 2010 to January 2013 (2 years, 11 months) u Assisted customers with purchases (cash handling) and inquiries  u Inventory and Stocking Merchandise  u Appointment Setting Sales & Cu stomer Service KOHLS - June 2009 to February 2010 (8 months) u Provided customer service and sales assistance  u Promoted sales events  u Inventory & Stocking  u Cashiering Education Diploma in Medical Intercoast College of Medical Arts - Dixon, CA Skills injections , insurance verification , setting appointments , vital signs , administration , drawing blood , accounts payable Additional Information • General Office Skills  • Handling and Securing Legal Documentation with Courts  • Inventory  • Detail Oriented  • Cash Handling Experience  • Computer Savvy  • Financial Planning  • Customer Service (Both: Face to Face & In a Call Center Environment)  • Lead Position  • Data Entry  •copy/scanning documentsLindo Payumo Software Engineer Fairfield, CA - Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer ORACLE - Pleasanton, CA - February 2005 to November 2015 • Responsible for daily builds of various Enterprise PeopleSoft application software.  • Responsible for installing all necessary software applications and configuring all new Windows- based Enterprise Application Build Servers.  • Worked with developers in resolving code issues during the build process and provided ClearCase Administrative assistance.  • Consulted and coordinated with other departments in resolving build and technical issues.  • Responsible for handling and producing the PeopleSoft Escrow Media and uploading them onto the appropriate SFTP site.  • Responsible for the production and storage of all Legacy PeopleSoft Archive products.  • Participated in projects to update and/or enhance the build automation software process.  • Assisted in managing network shares and file servers.  • Responsible for producing and updating installation and upgrade documentation. Software Engineer PEOPLESOFT, INC - Pleasanton, CA - March 2002 to February 2005 • Responsible for building the CRM Advanced Configurator product.  • Assisted in developing, testing, and documentation of system build process for the Enterprise PeopleSoft Applications.  • Responsible for daily build activities of various Enterprise PeopleSoft Application Products. Systems Administrator CALICO COMMERCE, INC - San Jose, CA - August 1995 to March 2002 • Assisted in the hiring, training, and supervising of support staff.  • Helped redesign and configure the Remedy CRM application used to track customer issues.  • Responsible for the configuration and maintenance of the customer support machines.  • Provided technical support to users and internal personnel regarding hardware and software issues. Education Computer Science San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Strong problem solving and multitasking abilities.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Working knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL.  Administrative knowledge of ClearCase source code management system (7.1.2), github  Programming skills in Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.Jonathan Burke Freelance - Computer Repair Fairfield, CA - Over 7 years' experience as an IT specialist and Customer Service Rep. Diagnosed and repaired PC's in high volume and under tight deadlines, experienced in Windows-based environments. Quick study, able to adapt quickly to changes in software/hardware. Much of my free time is spent researching questions and available resources to stay adept in the latest changes in the technical support industry. Hardware and Software support is truly a passion and a hobby for me. Work Experience Freelance Computer Repair - Redwood City, CA - February 2015 to Present (1 year, 6 months) Computer Hardware & Software Technician  Provide support to desktop PC hardware and software applications. This includes schedule and install new applications, perform preventative maintenance on computer equipment, staying current with system information, changes and updates, diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues. Client Remote Service Technician Support.com - Redwood City, CA - May 2014 to January 2015 (8 months) Responsible for troubleshooting Comcast XHome Security equipment, assisting clients with billing issues as well as educating clients on the products and services they paid for. Technical Support Associate Office Depot - Thomasville, GA - September 2013 to May 2014 (8 months) Assist customers in diagnosing and repairing Windows-based PCs. Duties include password removal, virus removal, hardware repair/replacement, software installation, and OS installation Advanced Repair Agent Best Buy/ Geek Squad - Macon, GA - August 2011 to September 2013 (2 years, 1 month) Quickly and accurately diagnosed technology issues and created robust solutions as needed. Identified and took advantage of opportunities to improve the process of assessing, testing and repairing client electronics. Helped other employees understand how to successfully use the range of Geek Squad resources to meet client tech needs. Education Macon State College - Macon, GA 2012 Westside High School - Macon, GA 2011 Additional Information SKILLS    • Proficient in Microsoft Office products such as Word, Excel, Publisher, PowerPoint, and Outlook.  • Skilled in diagnosing Windows-based environments while and removing viruses and malware from PCs.  • Experienced with hardware cleaning, repair and replacement.  • Very comfortable using Adobe products such as Dreamweaver and Photoshop.  • Comfortable with networking, working with routers, switches, and modems.Steve Cianfichi Business Development Representative/Inside Sales Walnut Creek, CA - Proven sales and marketing leader seeking position where I can put my skills to work within your organization to improve productivity and increase the bottom line. Work Experience Business Development Representative/Inside Sales Hawk Ridge Systems - November 2015 to August 2016 • Responsible for selling SOLIDWORKS software to Engineers and Designers in Canada, California, Nevada, and Oregon. 60 plus calls per day, ascertain needs, quote software, and close deals.  • Completed SOLIDWORKS training on 3D CAD software, Simulation, Electrical and Product Data Management software. Created template emails and quote letters.  • Proficient in NetSuite as I utilized NetSuite to track leads, prospects, and Customers.  • Responsible for bringing in $25,000.00 in sales per month. Inside Sales Representative/Marketing Coordinator Alibris Online Marketplace/Monsoon Commerce - September 2007 to September 2015 Duel Role)  • Inside Sales Representative: Responsible for the recruitment of new sellers to the Alibris marketplace and to upgrading current sellers into our additional programs.  • Consistently met my goal of bringing on 10 Gold sellers per week in a fluctuating marketplace.  • August 2015 my new sellers were responsible for over $565,000 in sales and over 26,000 orders.  • Proficient in Salesforce as I utilized Salesforce to track leads and to communicate with potential sellers who had not completed the sign up process.  • Created all phone and email templates for seller marketing. Created HTML seller recruitment emails.  • Responsibility for training new sellers on inventory control.  • Marketing Coordinator: Worked with two contractors who helped create images for our website and content for our blog and community pages. Responsible for the monthly Alibris Gift Guide which appears on the website. Used WordPress to write blog posts.  • Assisted in the creation of new web pages for the marketplace and updates to the current pages. Created our new "Why shop at Alibris" landing page.  • Participated as a team member in the coupon program, created all coupons, and tracked results for the marketplace.  • Responsible for Marketing Calendar which shows all emails, coupons, blog posts, and affiliates for each month.  • Created a Seller Dashboard and Blog Post Dashboard, using Kibana and Google Analytics, to measure our results. Account Executive Fremont Investment & Loan - 2006 to 2007 • Building a pipeline of Real Estate Brokers who would send loans through Fremont.  • Responsibilities included calling brokers, quoting loan details and rates, submitting files, and funding loans. Fremont closed the residential loan center and laid off all employees in May, 2007. I was first in my class to finish all online lending compliance training and had signed up over a dozen brokers when Fremont decided to get out of the residential sub-prime business. Account Executive Irwin Home Equity - 2002 to 2006 • Created 1.25 million dollars per month in funded dollars selling home equity loans and home equity lines of credit.  • Helped to train new Account Representatives and acted as a mentor to new employees.  • Was consistently in the top three account representatives for number of loans and dollars funded. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration St. Mary's College of California - Moraga, CA Additional Information Computer Skills:  Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft Office Applications; Word, Power Point, and Excel  Customer Relationship Management software Salesforce and NetSuite  WordPress.com  Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr  Kibana and Google Analytics for building dashboards and gathering data  Jira project tracking software and Confluence team collaboration softwareSummer Intern Davis, CA - Mechanical engineer with a background in mechanical design and computer programming seeks a fast-paced and challenging career in engineering software development and robotics. Willing to relocate to: Seattle, WA - Boulder, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Summer Intern NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory - Pasadena, CA - June 2016 to Present Implemented modal flexible bodies into JPL's in-house multibody dynamics software, "m3tk". Graduate Research Assistant University of California, Davis - Davis, CA - 2014 to Present Ph.D. research focuses on developing numerical algorithms to automatically set up and solve dynamics equations for complex multibody systems: Notable achievements include:  ○ Developed a multibody dynamics file format based on the JSON file specification.  ○ Programmed a preprocessor in C to load multibody system topology and permute bodies/joints into canonical order for processing.  ○ Developed and programmed an algorithm that automatically identifies kinematic substructures within a mechanism, thereby block–diagonalizing the Jacobian matrix. Substructuring yields an order of magnitude reduction in floating point operations required for Generalized Coordinate Partitioning (GCP). Graduate Research Assistant University of California, Davis - Davis, CA - 2011 to 2014 Masters research focused on developing software tools for materials characterization and selection, including:  ○ Parallelized image analysis code to analyze clustering in bimodal 5083 aluminum.  ○ A microstructure builder used to generate synthetic bimodal microstructures with user–defined geometries, orientations and spatial arrangements.  ○ A Python module that automates the GreenScreen for Safer Chemicals List Translation methodology. The module aggregates hazard information, assigns meta–data, translates to a native GreenScreen representation and assigns an overall benchmark hazard score which is used to identify hazardous substances and suitable replacements. The module demonstrated the capability to characterize over 3000 chemicals in less than 30 seconds. USA Research and Development Team Leader Full Speed Ahead - Mukilteo, WA - 2009 to 2011 I designed and engineered high-end bicycle components manufactured by a variety of processes including injection  molding, forging, CNC machining, die casting and carbon fiber layup. As leader of the design team, I was  responsible for mentoring other engineers/designers. My primary responsibility was to develop new products that the company lacked prior expertise in. Notable products include:  ○ K-Force and Afterburner mountain bike hydraulic disc brakes  ○ K-Force and SL-K road caliper brakes  ○ Metron rear derailleur  ○ TFA aerobar Product Development Engineer e.thirteen Components - Seattle, WA - 2008 to 2009 Through judicious use of material, innovative assembly techniques and elimination of fasteners, I created a new range of chain guide designs that were lighter weight, stronger and less expensive than the company’s previous offerings. The LG1 and STS chain guides were regarded as the industry leaders in the product category from 2009–2014. I also worked with suppliers in the US and Taiwan to eliminate hazardous substances from manufacturing processes. Product Development Engineer Full Speed Ahead - Woodinville, WA - 2003 to 2008 Responsible for bicycle component engineering, design and product management. Education PhD (Estimated completion: December 2016) in Mechanical Engineering University of California-Davis - Davis, CA 2014 to 2016 MS in Materials Science University of California-Davis - Davis, CA 2011 to 2014 BS in Mechanical Engineering University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - Urbana, IL 1997 to 2002 Skills Solidworks (10+ years), C++ (5 years), Python (5 years), C (5 years), Matlab (5 years) Links https://linkedin.com/in/kriswehage Patents Multi-position adjustable height seat post (#US8894025) https://worldwide.espacenet.com/publicationDetails/originalDocument?FT=D&date=20141125&DB=&locale=en_EP&CC=US&NR=8894025B2&KC=B2&ND=4 November 2014 A multi-position adjustable height seat post comprises an inner tube, an outer tube, a locking assembly, a triggering device, a first extending element, and a second extending element disposed between the tubes. The locking assembly comprises an actuating unit, a plurality of parallel grooves located in the outer tube, a plurality of spherical detent elements located, in the grooves, and a plurality of spherical elements located in the inner tube. The triggering device connects to the actuating unit. The first extending element constantly pushes the to actuating unit moving in a first direction. The second extending element disposes between the tubes.; Once the triggering device is triggered, the actuating unit moves in a second direction contrary to the first direction and makes the spherical elements to move inward laterally to let the inner tube and outer tube move relative to each other freely. Exoskeleton Bridge of Dual-Pivot Brake Allowing Braking Forces to Transmit Through Center Plane of Dual-Pivot Brake (#US8517151) https://worldwide.espacenet.com/publicationDetails/originalDocument?FT=D&date=20130827&DB=&locale=en_EP&CC=US&NR=8517151B2&KC=B2&ND=4 August 2013 A dual-pivot brake includes first and second caliper arms linked together and disposed symmetrically with respect to each other. The dual-pivot brake further includes an exoskeleton bridge including two-piece bridge members consisting of first and second bridge members. The first and second bridge members are interconnected together by first and second axles, respectively. The first and second caliper arms are pivotally mounted on the first and second axles respectively and selectively move towards or away from each other in the operation of the dual-pivot brake. Derailleur for Bicycle (#TWI391294 (B)) https://worldwide.espacenet.com/publicationDetails/originalDocument?FT=D&date=20130401&DB=&locale=en_EP&CC=TW&NR=I391294B&KC=B&ND=4 April 2013 A derailleur is cooperable with a bicycle including a plurality of cogs mounted thereto and is variable in positions in response to changing the speed of the bicycle and is in a position corresponding to one cog for one bicycle speed. The derailleur includes a first knuckle, a second knuckle, and a link member interconnecting and timing the first and second knuckles. The link member has an inner housing portion and an outer housing portion. The derailleur further includes two adjustment members for limiting it to the minimum and maximum range of motion and for connecting the inner and outer housing portion together. Brake Lever with adjustable gripping distance (#TWM410009) https://worldwide.espacenet.com/publicationDetails/biblio?II=8&ND=3&adjacent=true&locale=en_EP&FT=D&date=20110821&CC=TW&NR=M410009U&KC=U August 2011 Bicycle Stem (#US8307735 (B2)) https://worldwide.espacenet.com/publicationDetails/originalDocument?FT=D&date=20121113&DB=&locale=en_EP&CC=US&NR=8307735B2&KC=B2&ND=4 November 2013 A bicycle stem comprises a steerer tube base including a pivotal end having a pivotal hole and two blocking devices provided in the pivotal end and slightly protruding from an inner side of the pivotal hole; a clamp arm including a coupled end pivotally coupled to the pivotal end; and a lock unit including two lock sleeves, an engaged bolt disposed in the pivotal hole of the pivotal end and a blocking element for preventing the engaged bolt detaching from the pivotal end; wherein the lock unit is operable between a first position and a second position. In the first position of the lock unit, the clamp arm is fixed and can not pivot with respect to the steerer tube base, and in the second position of the lock unit, the clamp arm is able to pivot with respect to the steerer tube base. Brake of a Bicycle (#USD562746) https://worldwide.espacenet.com/publicationDetails/biblio?FT=D&date=20080226&DB=&locale=en_EP&CC=US&NR=D562746S1&KC=S1&ND=5 February 2008 Publications An open framework for automated chemical hazard assessment based on GreenScreen for Safer Chemicals: A proof of concept. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/ieam.1763/abstract June 2016 GreenScreen® for Safer Chemicals is a framework for comparative chemical hazard assessment. It is the first transparent, open and publicly accessible framework of its kind, allowing manufacturers and governmental agencies to make informed decisions about the chemicals and substances used in consumer products and buildings. In the GreenScreen® benchmarking process, chemical hazards are assessed and classified based on 18 hazard endpoints from up to 30 different sources. The result is a simple numerical benchmark score and accompanying assessment report that allows users to flag chemicals of concern and identify safer alternatives. Although the screening process is straightforward, aggregating and sorting hazard data is tedious, time-consuming, and prone to human error. In light of these challenges, the present work demonstrates the usage of automation to cull chemical hazard data from publicly available internet resources, assign metadata, and perform a GreenScreen® hazard assessment using the GreenScreen® “List Translator.” The automated technique, written as a module in the Python programming language, generates GreenScreen® List Translation data for over 3000 chemicals in approximately 30 s. Discussion of the potential benefits and limitations of automated techniques is provided. By embedding the library into a web-based graphical user interface, the extensibility of the library is demonstrated. The accompanying source code is made available to the hazard assessment community. Generalized coordinate partitioning for complex mechanisms based on kinematic substructuring. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0094114X15001445 October 2015 Generalized Coordinate Partitioning (GCP), a partitioning of the Jacobian matrix, allows for the automatic identification of dependent and independent variables and primary and secondary systems of equations for constrained multibody mechanisms. The GCP method is achieved through the row and column permutations associated with applying Gaussian Elimination with Complete Pivoting (GECP) to the constraint Jacobian matrices. GCP forms the basis of robust and efficient kinematic path planning and solution of dynamic equations of motion, with the potential to achieve orders of magnitude speed up over least squares and iterative methods. Despite these benefits, a significant disadvantage is that the GCP method is numerically expensive. This paper presents a technique to automatically rearrange groups of intersecting kinematic loops into non-overlapping kinematic substructures, which effectively block-diagonalizes the Jacobian Matrix. The method is applied to a hydraulic excavator, an illustrative example of a complex mechanism, and an approximate order of magnitude reduction in floating point operations required to perform the GCP method is demonstrated. Numerical results comparing the run time of the kinematic substructuring technique to sparse matrix methods and full dense GECP are provided. Furthermore, a compact representation of the equations of motion is formulated, accounting for the kinematic substructures identified in the mechanism. Tools for Material Design and Selection http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014PhDT.......130W June 2014 This thesis develops and demonstrates a number of software tools for material characterization, design and selection. The tools generated in this work incorporate a variety of programming techniques, from digital image analysis, geometry, optimization, and parallel programming to data-mining, databases and web design.     The first portion of the thesis focuses on methods for characterizing clustering in bimodal 5083 Aluminum alloys created by cryomilling and powder metallurgy. The bimodal samples contain a mixture of a coarse grain phase, with a grain size on the order of microns, and an ultra-fine grain phase, with a grain size on the order of 200 nm. Clustering of the two constitutive phases was observed and for the first time, clustering in bimodal microstructures created using a variety of thermomechanical processing routes was characterized quantitatively using both the two-point correlation and the area disorder functions. The processing routes included conventional cryomilling, Hot Isostatic Pressing (HIP), Extrusion, Dual-Mode Dynamic Forging (DMDF) and a new 'Gradient' cryomilling process. The two constitutive phases were identified using digital image processing methods applied to Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM) and Electron Backscatter Detection (EBSD) micrographs.     To investigate structure-property relationships through modeling and simulation, various algorithms for generating randomized synthetic microstructures with user configurable clustering of constitutive phases are presented. A geometric optimization algorithm based on the Area Disorder Function and Simulated Annealing was found to efficiently generate randomized microstructures and allow the user a high degree of customization for specifying grain sizes, orientation, aspect ratios and clustering of phases.     Finally, a comprehensive framework for Automated Hazard Assessment based on the GreenScreen list translator is presented. The framework allows designers to rapidly identify hazardous substances and select safer alternatives and consists of a computer program that extracts data from the GHS-Japan hazard database, loads the data into a machine-readable JSON format, transforms the JSON document in to a GreenScreen JSON document using the GreenScreen List Translator v1.2 and performs GreenScreen Benchmark scoring on the each substance. The GreenScreen JSON documents are then uploaded to a document storage system to allow human operators to search for, modify or add additional hazard information via a web interface. The entire process is computer automated, and is capable of benchmarking 2400 hazards in less than 30 seconds. Tensile behavior and strengthening mechanisms in a submicron B4C-reinforced Al trimodal composite https://doi.org/10.1016/j.msea.2014.07.079 October 2014 The physical and mechanical characteristics of cryomilled Al 5083-boron carbide (Al-B4C) metal matrix composites (MMCs) render them both scientifically interesting as well as technologically important. Trimodal architectures (containing three components, nano/ultrafine grains, coarse grains and ceramic reinforcements) allow for multiple degrees of freedom in the design of the microstructures that can be engineered, for example, to achieve combinations of strength, ductility and damage resistance that are not attainable with conventional materials. Various manufacturing strategies have been formulated to fabricate trimodal MMCs. Among these, cryomilling, which involves mechanical milling in a cryogenic liquid slurry (e.g., nitrogen), has been widely studied because in addition to minimizing recovery during the formation of nanocrystalline grains, it facilitates the incorporation of reinforcement particles in the metal matrix. In this study, novel trimodal composites reinforced with faceted, submicron (~500 nm), commercially-available B4C with varying volume fractions of coarse grain phase (0–30%) were fabricated. Within this class of engineering materials ultimate tensile strengths of 620–760 MPa and tensile elongations of 1.8–3.7% are observed. The microstructural features are investigated in depth, the strengthening mechanisms quantitatively evaluated and the mechanisms for enhancing strength and/or ductility are discussed.Video Operations Operations lead San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Video Operations Verizon go90 - San Jose, CA - June 2016 to Present Program go90 video streaming app using a software. Also qc videos and live shows. Data entry, reporting, and troubleshooting. Server Sprig - San Francisco, CA - February 2016 to Present Responsibilities  Deliver fresh food to clients    Skills Used  Driving Sales Consultant Best Buy - Colma, CA - February 2015 to July 2015 Sold tables and phone contracts with sprint, Verizon and AT&T Operations Lead Google via Adecco - September 2013 to July 2015 Lead and trained a team of operators to edit and monitor data  Wrote training manuals for new hires.  Cleared new rules to policy  Monitored incoming data and made sure it followed policy and was to Googles standards.  Monitored traffic - how many views a page got. Where did they come from. How long they spent on the page. If they came from a reliable source.   Managed client contracts.  Troubleshooted data and reported bad data entries Macy's Merchandiser Macy's Merchandiser - September 2012 to December 2013 at Serremonte Macy's  ● Restocked Items, Made Displays, Cleaned Areas, Lead team of holiday hires. Member of Alpha Phi Omega National Co­Ed service fraternity - October 2009 to March 2012 Alpha Phi Omega is a National Co­Ed service fraternity. We do community  service, service to better the nation and service to our campus. Sergeant At Arms National Co­Ed service fraternity - January 2010 to June 2010 My position was Sergeant at Arms. I was in charge of our fraternities  items and helped meetings run smoothly.  Office assistant for Graduate Division at the Creative Writing Department at UCR: Creative writing department assistant Assistant - Riverside, CA - January 2009 to June 2009 Helped around the office such as filing, entering data, making copies etc. Intern Districts Attorney's Office - 2007 to January 2008 File Bench Warrants, Document Files, Record Management: Data Entry for Misdemeanor department and Subpoena System, Learned how a Law  office operates.  Teachers Aid: teacher aid helping students prepare for kindergarten Districts Attorney's Office - San Francisco, CA - February 2007 to May 2007 Taught  two projects and planned one of them, as read them a story and taught  them some life skills such as manners and how to treat each other the way  they wanted to be treated.  YouthLink Web Production Certificate  B Education Psychology University of California-Riverside - Riverside, CA 2008 to 2012 High School Diploma City Arts And Tech High School - San Francisco, CA 2008 Photography City Arts And Technology High School - San Francisco, CA 2006 Skills Management Experience (2 years), Sales (2 years), Event Coordination (1 year), Inventory Management (2 years), Administrative (1 year), Customer Service (2 years), Data Entry (2 years), Database Management (2 years), Computer Skills (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jcarreon011 Additional Information QUALIFICATIONS    COMPUTER SKILLS MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint  Windows, Mac OS